"I have here an official statement from the Palace saying 'Don't mention how close the election was'… errr… yes, our neighbor's election was extremely close!"
"Now the rebels are always talking about an uprising – as much as anything, their camps are horribly uncomfortable and the dream of fluffy pillows is what keeps their revolutionary zeal stoked. But perhaps we should take a few suitable precautions, just in case…"
"I have received a message informing us of a secret uprising. Either it's from our man on the inside, or it was sent to the wrong address."
"Now I know we are not to talk about the red envelope, or what it contains, or the lovely skull and bones watermark on the stationary. But you and I both know that this either means we are about to be attacked by the rebels, or that it is Chinese New Year. I shall double check the calendar…"
"Presidente, I do not mean to worry you… but one of our agents handed me the red envelope."
"There may have been some crossed wires somewhere in the counter-insurgency training. I fear our agents thought their job was to mastermind an insurrection in order to win the trust of the key members of the rebellion. On the plus side, they appear to have been extremely successful! I wonder if it's too late to ask them to stand down…"
"Did we ask our spies among the rebels to orchestrate an uprising? No? Oh dear…"
"But we should not underestimate the dangers posed by violent, heavily-armed guerrillas, even if they were trained by correspondence course. Please wear the bullet-proof wig for a few days, Presidente."
"There is a rebellion, Presidente! If these rebels want your attention so badly, they should make an appointment like everybody else..."
"You are the real deal, Presidente! Yes, the real deal! All those other Presidentes are just imitations. I would ask you to stand up, but that would be presumptuous, so may I have your permission to dance a jig of triumph? No? Well, I will dance in my heart for you anyway."
"The new robot voting system guarantees the next election will be fair, honest, and in no way at risk from unexpected bugs. What a relief!"
"The citizens are demanding elections, Presidente! It seems that they want a choice in how they are ruled! So selfish."
"The election is a landslide, Presidente! The metaphorical kind, not the kind that accidentally reduces the size of the workforce"
"The citizens are demanding elections, Presidente! I know we did that before, but it seems they want another one! So greedy.<cf><cf>Shall we give them what they want, or shall we make them want what you want? I always want what you want, and you always want what you want... so shouldn't they also want what you want?
"Presidente, it is time to realize your fondest dream. No, not that one. Tropicoland, Presidente! Your very own theme park!"
"70%… 80%… 90%… Ping! We have the answer! And it is... 'no'. Oh, bummer! Turns out, Presidente, that people are blinkered, self-justifying egomaniacs irrespective of their education level..."
"A bad workman blames his tools... but he has to have some tools before he can blame them!"
"A challenge to your supremacy, Presidente. Outrageous!"
"Thank goodness that your opponent mysteriously failed to appear at the debates in the last days of the election. Food poisoning can be so cruel – although it doesn't usually cause concussions. Anyhow, let us enjoy that justice prevailed in the end."
"But can we trust the citizens to vote correctly? I wouldn't want them to wake up on the day after the election in a state of confused regret. Perhaps we should help them – for their own good?"
"A full size hypersub requires rather a lot of steel, Presidente. Additionally, the proposed twin-potato fuel cell won't quite power it, so the tech nerds recommend a nuclear reactor, too. There is a worry that the kumquat will be irradiated... but it is a risk we will have to take."
"A large number of refugees are now heading our way. We could let them in, and show the world your magnanimity, or we could turn them away and show them your firm hand. Or we could build naked mermaids and encourage the refugees to start a new life under the sea. It is totally up to you, Presidente!"
"A listener wrote asking 'How can I help El Presidente win the war?' The Palace replies: 'Vote El Presidente in the next election!'"
"A listener wrote in asking: 'How do I know if my neighbor is a spy?' The Palace responds: 'Take no chances – spy on everyone!'"
"A number of our brave citizens sailed away to fight in the war, Presidente... and, regrettably, never returned to us. Sniff."
"A Palace statement today denies the existence of discontented citizens. Current gatherings are not protests! People are happy, motivated, and worshipping El Presidente relentlessly!"
"A real war is coming, Presidente. Let us hope that we have superior numbers, as all of my strategies depend upon that apparently minor detail!"
"A spate of vandalism has been denounced by the Palace as 'sour grapes.' <q>Poor people simply don't understand the pressures of wealth,<q> a spokesperson said."
"According to El Presidente, this was the single greatest and most unforgettable political victory in Tropico's history! But we are sure the Palace is just being modest."
"According to the briefing, we will blow up the volcano with... bacon!"
"After El Presidente's landslide victory, an official statement reveals that the opposition is retiring and 'might not be seen for a while'."
"Agents in Rome have executed Operation Throw Lions to the Christians… but there is a hitch."
"Ah, Presidente. Most people do not believe in science. It is too far-fetched, it is not something they can see with their own eyes."
"Ah, but what a wonderful world we briefly made. I think I will keep this chapter short, however. We do not want too many stories which suggest that ambitious, ruthless leaders should be suspicious of those closest to them. Your loyal Penultimo's only ambition is to help you!"
"Ah, look at all those surly builders with ill-fitting work clothes. They are more reliable than they look, Presidente – they put up buildings in the blink of an eye. They will stay standing too, which is definitely a bonus."
"Airplanes have revolutionized warfare, yet Tropico still has no air force. An official Palace statement says: 'Learn to fly one, then we will get planes.'"
"We call them adventures, it's department policy. The 'rewriting of history' department, specifically. Busy fellows those revisionists! With your help, Presidente, we'll win a war one day – irrespective of the actual outcome!"
"Also, my masterpiece is complete! In the Heaving Bosom of the Sea follows heroine Eleanor Decolletage, who, disguised as a pirate, falls in love with disgraced caulker Clint Manley, despite the ghost of his drowned wife giving him scurvy! What? Yes, I have work to do. I'll... go do it."
"An impromptu vandalism competition ended in victory today for the 'Tropican Rebels', as they beat the 'Local Authorities' by two whole walls."
"An influenza outbreak has struck Tropico! The Palace asks citizens to remain in their homes and avoid large crowds of people... especially protestors!"
"An official announcement from the Palace declares that we are definitely winning the war – keep listening to find out which side we are currently on."
"An official statement from the Palace declares cryptocurrency to be unpatriotic – if it doesn't have a picture of El Presidente on it, it's not currency!"
"An official statement from the Palace reveals that a number of citizens are forming orderly lines in the streets and demanding to be arrested. Such patriotism!"
"An official statement from the Palace says there is nothing to be alarmed about. The sense of growing dread is perfectly normal."
"As the Iron Curtain becomes scrap metal, El Presidente says: how much for that?"
"And now a message from El Presidente: 'Buy War Bonds.' They help us win the war, and you can win fabulous prizes."
"And so we discovered that the Mayan prophecy was true. Of course it was true, Presidente! I never doubted it.
"And so, Presidente, you proved that houses are the enemy of equality. For a short time after the war, houses were internationally shunned!"
"And so, by the narrowest of margins, we retain our beloved Presidente. A generous narrow margin, I'm being told. In fact, it was a landslide!"
"Announcing the winner of our competition to win a signed portrait of El Presidente: Penultimo! Congratulations, Number Two, we knew a thousand entries would suffice."
"Anyone who suspects that an uprising is in progress is simply wrong, the Palace informs us. We're told that some citizens are simply 'letting off steam'."
"Why merely swim when you could line up for half an hour in order to take a thrilling eight-second ride down a flume in an Aqua Park?"
"Are flying cars the future? Only if Tropico can win the war – so remember, if you want flying cars, be vigilant and buy War Bonds!"
"Are you suspicious about your neighbor? You should be! Traitors to Tropico lurk in every corner. Be vigilant! Report anti-Tropican behavior immediately."
"By constructing an Army Base, military commanders gain access to tanks wholly unsuited to urban conflict but which look very impressive and intimidate protesters."
"As El Presidente returns from an overseas state visit, Tropico says: please don't leave again!"
"As a result, I regret to report that our highly trained, frighteningly expensive soldiers are lost. They can kill a mule from ten paces with any part of their body, but seem to lack the initiative to ask for directions. Let's hope that something they attack turns out to be the original target..."
"As disgruntled citizens gather, El Presidente responds by increasing next year's gruntling budget by a huge two percent!"
"As one tiny island votes to leave the European Union, Tropico votes to join – with pride! Do you have Euros? We will take them!"
"As the stem cell controversy rages, Tropican botanists report that they've always used stem cells for experiments – and leaf and petal cells, too."
"As the war ends, what should we think? El Presidente's office says: No need!"
"As usual, I have taken one for the team, Presidente. I stayed up all night watching terrible movies, to find a solution unlikely enough to work!"
"Tropicans can't be insane, of course, by order of El Presidente. Tropico sets an example! But sometimes troublemakers need storing away from telephones for a while, hence the Asylum."
"Atomic bombs – fact or fiction? Tropican scientists say 'we don't understand the physics', Palace says 'try harder!'"
"Time is precious Presidente! Especially your time as you are the busy leader of a nation and not just a child playing in a sandbox."
"As your ever-subservient assistant I took the freedom to prepare a humble draft of the Tropican constitution to save some of your precious time. You still need to sign it though. Maybe between the second breakfast and your pre-brunch nap? No pressure!"
"I am always looking for ways to make our export business more efficient, and the biggest problem is that big boats are so slow. Well, we can squeeze a few knots out of every vessel if we wax the hull to reduce drag and switch from diesel engines to widdershins! It will cost a little more in maintenance – but more speed means quicker export money!"
"The farm… it's not just a place where illiterate workers can drive oddly dangerous vehicles, it's where all of Tropico's food is grown! I checked. We could have more food for everyone – even our friends abroad, if they're willing to pay – with just a little investment in economic incentives. Of course, some will complain that you're messing with the free market economy, but you can't farm eggs for omelets without breaking a few friendships."
"It is so difficult to feed everyone, but the solution is right under our noses! Mold! Yes, all those funguses and slimes have nutritional value... and unfortunate names like 'funguses' and 'slimes'. But if we make sausages out of them and brand them with aspirational names, we have a new culinary craze!"
"It is a such a pain when the citizens protest. You work hard every day to make Tropico better for them! But it is a political own goal to declare protests illegal, so we must ban all assemblies over a certain size. Banning groups larger than two is ideal – although it is hard on people waiting for a bus…"
"I am sure you are burning to hear the frank and honest thoughts of the people of our great nation – especially when they know about a particularly lucrative business opportunity. The first three Tropicans with half-decent deals to offer will earn an exclusive one-on-one audience with our beloved leader, as long as they don't forget to sign the waiver giving away exclusive rights first..."
"You know what is popular with the people? Families. Everyone loves children! Well, everyone loves their own children. Other people's children are another matter entirely. But we can win some popular support by paying people for having children. The citizens will like all the implications of that legislation!"
"It is so unfortunate that the internet has made it fashionable to avoid vaccinations. It is understandable – nobody likes to get ill, and vaccinations always make you slightly ill. Of course, they also eradicate fatal diseases, which seems like a plus – but the internet was never particular strong on logical thinking. We might have to use a certain… draconian persuasiveness… to force everyone to have their shots."
"You know what is a good way of getting more people to visit Tropico? Multiculturalism! It is easy too – you start by saying that you support cultural diversity, and then you have annual parades with armed police escorts in case all that lively cross-cultural exchange gets out of hand. Sure, there may be some detractors who see immigration as letting outsiders steal their jobs but we laugh their worries away with better ethnic cuisine. What's not to like?"
"The factory owners have hired some scientists (whose diplomas we suggest you don't examine too closely…) who would like to study the long term-effects of burying toxic waste under the back lots of industrial buildings. While a few jaws will drop to the now-poisonous ground, the grateful magnates have taken a collection and will send a 'care package' to Zurich if you just provide the necessary bank account number…"
"Studies show that the meat from happy animals tastes better than that from sad ones… plus you can stick on a fancy label saying ‘Cruelty Free’ and hike up the prices. Just have the ranch workers stop and pet the livestock! It's not the most efficient farming technique, but the hippies and flower people will be delighted. As much as they can be about meat farming."
"What a hassle it is enforcing the ban on certain substances that all the citizens seem to enjoy, just because they happen to be called 'illegal drugs'! But names are our flexible resource, and – hey presto! – now they are not 'illegal drugs', they are 'medicinal substances', and while we are at it, why not go all the way and call them 'taxable revenue'. It is so much better to take 'taxable revenue' instead of paying the police to confiscate 'illegal drugs'!"
"I have an idea! Ah, it was a visual gag involving holding a light bulb above my head, but I suppose that doesn’t work in text. But these kind of incandescent bulbs are not very energy efficient, and the filament always breaks at the most inconvenient moments. The new fluorescents are so much better, if we ignore the mercury poisoning and so forth."
"Work is hard, and nobody appreciates that more than El Presidente, who has never had to do a day of hard labor and isn't about to start now! As a show of goodwill to the citizens of Tropico, a mandatory two-hour siesta is to be declared after lunch. It is not a great recipe for productivity – but it sure breaks up those long afternoons slaving away. With this edict, you snooze but you do not lose!"
"The rebels are starting to get bored of sleeping in the hills and eating stone soup – I hear the Wi-Fi out there is terrible! If we made it our official policy to 'forgive and forget', many would hang up their guns and come back to their jobs and the comforts of modern life. For those who are still upset that their houses were blown up in all the kerfuffle, that's what Truth and Reconciliation commissions were made to gloss over!"
"The power of mathematics allows the Bank to offer the ability to go deeper and deeper into debt, or invest in dubious 'opportunities' best not mentioned on your tax returns."
"Besides, what counts as 'legal' when the law is different in every country? And as for international law, well, my consultancy is based in international waters, and my accountants are in orbit. It's purely for tax reasons, you understand."
"But there's no reason we shouldn't build more prisons – they can be pretty darn profitable if you set them up right. And there'll always be criminals, Presidente! Plus, you can make more whenever you want, just by tweaking the rulebook a bit..."
"But those are stories for another day. Now, old Penultimo is tired. Old Penultimo will sleep... and dream of your past glories... my Presidente."
"But you can't seriously keep going down this line… Mother Earth gets angry, then all the flower people get freaked out... and believe me, you can smell angry hippies a mile away!"
"But you don't have to worry about crossing that line, Presidente, because you're above it! You are the line and the law. So no wonder there are certain favors that certain people would like you to help them with..."
"By astonishing coincidence, the vote tallies match those Canal Uno was given last night. An astounding result for El Presidente – congratulations!"
"Canal Uno – more than just El Presidente's favorite radio station! We… what does that say? Love? We love El Presidente – with all our hearts!"
"Canal Uno has received word that inflation has skyrocketed thanks to investor greed – El Presidente expresses disappointment in the Capitalists for not being team players."
"Canal Uno is delighted to report that El Presidente has declared victory! Viva El Presidente, the clear winner of this utterly above-board election!"
"Presidente, I am inspired! I have solved the problem of Capitalism!"
"Congratulations, Presidente! We trust you to guide us now. We know that you will be fair and just, and that you will never use your power for your own profit or advantage. The people sing in the streets, that you will be the fairest Presidente of them all!"
"When your enemies do it, it's despicable hacking – but when you do it, you're merely taking advantage of the available alternative facts to make a small adjustment to online reality."
"Dear listeners, do you hear humming noises above you? Don't be alarmed! Surveillance drones exist for the safety and convenience of those who have nothing to hide!"
"The building operates on alternative basic settings and some people swear it works better this way."
"Dial up and surf Canal Uno's homepage on the world wide web, for all your pop-up advert needs! Canal Uno, the voice - and future! - of Tropico."
"El Presidente announces today a new deal with God bringing an end to recent shortages of rain and drinking water. Praise be to the Palace!"
"El Presidente announces a new 'snitch for cash' program – report something suspicious today and you could win fabulous cash prizes!"
"El Presidente fought the deadly computer Worm that attacked on Wednesday and emerged victorious – the internet is safe again! We are in your debt, leader!"
"El Presidente reminds us today that good citizens do not agitate! Because good citizens get what they want... and bad citizens get what they deserve!"
"El Presidente's hard work has paid off in a stunning election win! And by paid off... I don't mean... um... And now the weather!"
"El Presidente, people are angry. Not at you of course, but at what they have become."
"Of course, I know that whatever my Presidente does is the right thing – it is the very definition of the right thing! But the citizens, they may expect certain things from you, given your sensibly-chosen and not-at-all-reckless remarks in your election speech…"
"Presidente, I know you always keep your promises, but the citizens today can be very exacting about what counts as a fulfilled promise…"
"Turn the poverty of your indigenous people into profit by constructing an Ethnic Enclave where they can sell laughable craftworks to gullible tourists."
"The Family Resort offers the double benefit of giving families a suitable place to stay, and keeping all the screaming kids well away from everyone else."
"Stamp upon uprisings of the populace by building a Fort. It sends a clear signal that it will remain standing long after 'uncivilized' people have been 'relocated'."
"Fortunately, I have a plan to deal with the problem that involves capturing and interrogating every secret agent we can find. We do not want to tip them off, however, so we will use a codename: Operation Pie Hunt. I can see no problem whatsoever with this plan!"
"Fortunately, I have kept some ocean-fronted land squirreled away – the Isla Costosa Privada, currently surrounded with minefields and laser sharks. I was saving it for a rainy day, but this is an unprecedented opportunity! We must modernize immediately!"
"Fortunately, we had a state of the art Heisenberg Compensator and a dozen iceberg lettuces. Don't worry about how it works… I'll blog about it later. Got a bit beaten up on the way over, though, so it needs rebuilding."
"Not just an attractive feature for streets or plazas, a Fountain encourages folks to toss some spare change in for good luck, helping to keep your hobos' cash flow fluid."
"Freedom is all that matters, Presidente – freedom for the market! Help me free the market, and its invisible hand will make our financial dreams come true!"
"From your powerful elbows to your unswerving conviction that anything you say is right, loyal Penultimo knows your good points! But for the world to know how great my Presidente is, Tropico must put itself on the map once and for all! How shall we do that, Presidente…?"
"It's not a Garbage Dump, it's a state-of-the-art post-consumer waste recycling facility, equipped with the latest in subterranean compacting and disposal amenities. Okay, it's a landfill, but don't tell anyone."
"General Rodriguez and I have made a secret plan to free Tropico from the Axis! Oh, it is not secret from you, Presidente!"
"Genome sequencing – the future of healthcare, or a billion-dollar scam for American pharmaceutical corporations? Canal Uno suspects you already know the answer."
"Am I being robbed or is this sketch comedy?"
"So this is school… I was expecting something sexier."
"I want breakfast in bed… better sleep in the kitchen."
"Gold! Presidente! Metaphorical gold. Space gold!"
"Ostensibly a sport, the Golf Course allows wealthy men a means to escape both their wives and ethnic diversity on a giant, private, sculpted lawn."
"Good Morning, Presidente! I have brought you breakfast in bed, so imagine my disappointment to find you in the shower. It is I, Penultimo, your most faithful servant, aide, and – dare I say it? Friend? What's that? No? I dare not say it? As you wish, Presidente!"
"Good choice, Presidente. The cathedral's lovely, even if it is mostly made from corrugated iron and old plastic bottles..."
"Good morning Presidente! World War II is over, and I have brought you a nice omelet for breakfast. I did not make it without breaking eggs."
"Good morning, Presidente! Here's my plan for our rodent-themed resort, the Nuts Casino!"
"Good news for those dying of thirst – weather reports predict an end to the drought! When your mouth's so dry, doesn't water seem extra wet?"
"Good news is: we were correct about the White House having Ethernet in every room… The bad news is: we don't have enough bandwidth to download it all."
"Good news, Presidente! Despite the blood on the streets being very hard to wash off, your people are besotted with you! You have crushed the rebels!"
"Good news, Presidente! We won the ethical debate! Apparently, 93% of scientists prefer research grants to ethics!"
"Good news, Tropico! Nights will be a lot less cold for the foreseeable future, as volcano eruptions will keep you toasty warm! What a relief!"
"Good news, Tropico! The Ministry of Information is here for all your questions and queries. Please, bring all rumors and allegations immediately – win fabulous prizes!"
"Good thinking! See what the tourists think of our little archipelago… If only we could arrest the ones that are not having fun, our job would be just a little easier."
"Good thinking, Presidente. What's better than a library? Two libraries! This principle does not work with all things… wars and injuries, for instance."
"While the poor pay less for bigger portions, the rich prefer the Gourmet Restaurant where tiny portions named in pretentious French are served with gastronomical canapés and astronomical prices."
"Government by computer, Presidente, it is... highly original. Everyone knows that computers never fail, especially not with blue screens or loud screeching beeps."
"Great movie theatre, Presidente! I caught a fascinating little picture play about Kansas real estate and the dangers of incipient weather. And flying monkeys!"
"Great work, Presidente. We flooded the market with substandard weapons – so everyone's a winner!"
"The Grocery nullifies pride in growing one's own food by accepting money for things produced by others. This creates the consumer class of Tropican, trained to spend more on inferior products."
"The demands of defending a territory require the construction of isolated fortifications where nervous soldiers hunker down in the hope that they are resupplied before their neighbors overrun them."
"Guard Towers give advance warning that an invading force is too large for there to be any possibility of your survival. This effectively destroys the morale of local insurgents."
"Oddly, while people are afraid of flying on airliners with overprotective safety systems, they love the idea of getting airborne in a sheet of plastic wrapped around an aluminium frame."
"Have you ever tried rolling a fourteen-ton carved stone head across logs and into an aircraft's hold? What a silly question, El Presidente should not have to roll his own cigars, let alone a Moai! But your commandos rose proudly to the challenge… and now they will sink proudly into an Easter Island iced tea."
"Hear how the people cheer for you, Presidente! Or do they scream? Regardless, I may have stumbled upon a way to guarantee your eternal presidency...!"
"Yeehaw, you are a cowboy, Presidente! Penultimo is kidding, of course… and I should not have called you a cowboy. I'm sorry about that."
"Hey, did you know that you're not supposed to inhale cigar smoke? Once I found that out, I got much more efficient at smoking – I stick one in each ear! If the lungs aren't involved, who cares?"
"Hey, it worked! We were able to trigger a subterranean nuclear device to create a transit tunnel through the Earth, and the Temple of Heaven just fell straight through!"
"Through the application of draconian discipline and peer pressure, the High School turns unruly teenagers into spiritlessly conformist adults ready to have their souls crushed through employment."
"The historic Edo-period keep originates from the time in Japan's history where its borders were closed to outsiders. Ironically, it is now invaded daily by Europeans with cameras."
"Honor is satisfied! You should be proud of your military, Presidente – your forces are small but vicious, like an angry chihuahua."
"How dare the rebels raise their hands against you again! We'll show them that might makes right!"
"How dare those trumped up faceless accountants tell a self-made man how to do business! Presidente, Hexxon have screwed us."
"How to put this… I cannot say we are certainly doomed, but we appear to be trapped in a death spiral of crippling national debt."
"However, I have heard that natural disasters are not as loyal as Penultimo, and perhaps we ought to plan some contingencies. The most expensive option is to strengthen all the buildings. Alternatively, an earthquake shelter can help citizens survive a collapsing building. Alternatively, seismologists are a very cost-effective way of seeming to have cared."
"Bad news, I'm a widow – good news, I'm single again!"
"Grow plants almost anywhere with no risk of weeds or pests with a Hydroponic Plantation that gives two fingers to Mother Nature and any concept of 'natural habitat'."
"I always wanted to make a suit out of nuts, then stand in the forest so all the squirrels would climb on me. I've since met some squirrels, however – though they are adorable, their claws are very sharp. So, yikes! Scratch that one from the bucket list!"
"I am sad to say that one of the world's greatest landmarks has disappeared. It just completely vanished! In an entirely unrelated note, we have finished the construction of our new 'landscape feature'. In tribute to the sad loss of our friends abroad, we have built ours with identical appearance, scale, and materials so that it will never be forgotten!"
"I am so proud – of so many rivals, it was my Presidente who rose to the challenge and emerged joyful and triumphant! I would have arranged a surprise party to celebrate this success, but of course it is no surprise at all! May the winds of your immutable destiny blow the trumpets of victory!"
"I am so proud of you, Presidente! Your control of your Tropico is absolute!"
"I am so sorry that we lost the Palace to our Caribbean neighbors. It is my fault, of course! Foolish Penultimo! I will be sure to work out what I did wrong – as soon as we escape capture and permanent incarceration. Or worse! Much, much worse..."
"I don't know how we did it, but let's not question what the team does F-T-W, am I right? Going to post an update on social media saying how awesome we are, then we're going to have a wild party down in the server room. There might even be karaoke!"
"I had plans drawn up for a innovative floating tourist habitat! Then these plans were scrapped when I realized that cruise liners already exist. But we should get one and store all the tourists inside it, charging them by the day! Yes. Like hotels. Which also already exist. The world we live in, Presidente, is so full of wonders."
"I have been thinking that we should protect our citizens, Presidente. At first, I considered inflatable suits for everyone... but then I remembered martial law!"
"I have good news and bad news… The good news is – you set a record! The bad news is that it is for runaway national debt."
"I have heard from your accountant… actually it was more of a suicide note. I think the situation may be out of hand."
"Presidente. I received a boastful letter from Proximo, aide to the leader of Santo Tonto! Is this some kind of challenge? He is such a snake!"
"I met the First Lady. She wants to assassinate you, but I couldn't bear to see my Presidente's soulful eyes close. Yikes, no way!"

