"I have here an official statement from the Palace saying 'Don't mention how close the election was'… errr… yes, our neighbor's election was extremely close!"

"You've lived in the nation, now play the game! El Presidente has officially licensed the new Tropico: Everybody Loves Presidente videogame – on sale now."

"Now the rebels are always talking about an uprising – as much as anything, their camps are horribly uncomfortable and the dream of fluffy pillows is what keeps their revolutionary zeal stoked. But perhaps we should take a few suitable precautions, just in case…"

"I have received a message informing us of a secret uprising. Either it's from our man on the inside, or it was sent to the wrong address."

"Now I know we are not to talk about the red envelope, or what it contains, or the lovely skull and bones watermark on the stationary. But you and I both know that this either means we are about to be attacked by the rebels, or that it is Chinese New Year. I shall double check the calendar…"

"Presidente, I do not mean to worry you… but one of our agents handed me the red envelope."

"There may have been some crossed wires somewhere in the counter-insurgency training. I fear our agents thought their job was to mastermind an insurrection in order to win the trust of the key members of the rebellion. On the plus side, they appear to have been extremely successful! I wonder if it's too late to ask them to stand down…"

"Did we ask our spies among the rebels to orchestrate an uprising? No? Oh dear…"

"But we should not underestimate the dangers posed by violent, heavily-armed guerrillas, even if they were trained by correspondence course. Please wear the bullet-proof wig for a few days, Presidente."

"There is a rebellion, Presidente! If these rebels want your attention so badly, they should make an appointment like everybody else..."

"You are the real deal, Presidente! Yes, the real deal! All those other Presidentes are just imitations. I would ask you to stand up, but that would be presumptuous, so may I have your permission to dance a jig of triumph? No? Well, I will dance in my heart for you anyway."

The new robot voting system guarantees the next election will be fair, honest, and in no way at risk from unexpected bugs. What a relief!

The citizens are demanding elections, Presidente! It seems that they want a choice in how they are ruled! So selfish.

The election is a landslide, Presidente! The metaphorical kind, not the kind that accidentally reduces the size of the workforce

"The citizens are demanding elections, Presidente! I know we did that before, but it seems they want another one! So greedy.<cf><cf>Shall we give them what they want, or shall we make them want what you want? I always want what you want, and you always want what you want... so shouldn't they also want what you want?

"Presidente, it is time to realize your fondest dream. No, not that one. Tropicoland, Presidente! Your very own theme park!"

"70%… 80%… 90%… Ping! We have the answer! And it is... 'no'. Oh, bummer! Turns out, Presidente, that people are blinkered, self-justifying egomaniacs irrespective of their education level..."

"A bad workman blames his tools... but he has to have some tools before he can blame them!"

"A challenge to your supremacy, Presidente. Outrageous!"

Thank goodness that your opponent mysteriously failed to appear at the debates in the last days of the election. Food poisoning can be so cruel – although it doesn't usually cause concussions. Anyhow, let us enjoy that justice prevailed in the end.

"But can we trust the citizens to vote correctly? I wouldn't want them to wake up on the day after the election in a state of confused regret. Perhaps we should help them – for their own good?"

"A full size hypersub requires rather a lot of steel, Presidente. Additionally, the proposed twin-potato fuel cell won't quite power it, so the tech nerds recommend a nuclear reactor, too. There is a worry that the kumquat will be irradiated... but it is a risk we will have to take."

"A large number of refugees are now heading our way. We could let them in, and show the world your magnanimity, or we could turn them away and show them your firm hand. Or we could build naked mermaids and encourage the refugees to start a new life under the sea. It is totally up to you, Presidente!"

"A listener wrote asking 'How can I help El Presidente win the war?' The Palace replies: 'Vote El Presidente in the next election!'"

"A listener wrote in asking: 'How do I know if my neighbor is a spy?' The Palace responds: 'Take no chances – spy on everyone!'"

"A number of our brave citizens sailed away to fight in the war, Presidente... and, regrettably, never returned to us. Sniff."

"A Palace statement today denies the existence of discontented citizens. Current gatherings are not protests! People are happy, motivated, and worshipping El Presidente relentlessly!"

"A real war is coming, Presidente. Let us hope that we have superior numbers, as all of my strategies depend upon that apparently minor detail!"

"A spate of vandalism has been denounced by the Palace as 'sour grapes.' <q>Poor people simply don't understand the pressures of wealth,<q> a spokesperson said."

"According to El Presidente, this was the single greatest and most unforgettable political victory in Tropico's history! But we are sure the Palace is just being modest."

"According to the briefing, we will blow up the volcano with... bacon!"

"After El Presidente's landslide victory, an official statement reveals that the opposition is retiring and 'might not be seen for a while'."

"Agents in Rome have executed Operation Throw Lions to the Christians… but there is a hitch."

"Ah, Presidente. Most people do not believe in science. It is too far-fetched, it is not something they can see with their own eyes."

"Ah, but what a wonderful world we briefly made. I think I will keep this chapter short, however. We do not want too many stories which suggest that ambitious, ruthless leaders should be suspicious of those closest to them. Your loyal Penultimo's only ambition is to help you!"

"Ah, look at all those surly builders with ill-fitting work clothes. They are more reliable than they look, Presidente – they put up buildings in the blink of an eye. They will stay standing too, which is definitely a bonus."

"Airplanes have revolutionized warfare, yet Tropico still has no air force. An official Palace statement says: 'Learn to fly one, then we will get planes.'"

"We call them adventures, it's department policy. The 'rewriting of history' department, specifically. Busy fellows those revisionists! With your help, Presidente, we'll win a war one day – irrespective of the actual outcome!"

"Also, my masterpiece is complete! In the Heaving Bosom of the Sea follows heroine Eleanor Decolletage, who, disguised as a pirate, falls in love with disgraced caulker Clint Manley, despite the ghost of his drowned wife giving him scurvy! What? Yes, I have work to do. I'll... go do it."

"An impromptu vandalism competition ended in victory today for the 'Tropican Rebels', as they beat the 'Local Authorities' by two whole walls."

"An influenza outbreak has struck Tropico! The Palace asks citizens to remain in their homes and avoid large crowds of people... especially protestors!"

"An official announcement from the Palace declares that we are definitely winning the war – keep listening to find out which side we are currently on."

"An official statement from the Palace declares cryptocurrency to be unpatriotic – if it doesn't have a picture of El Presidente on it, it's not currency!"

"An official statement from the Palace reveals that a number of citizens are forming orderly lines in the streets and demanding to be arrested. Such patriotism!"

"An official statement from the Palace says there is nothing to be alarmed about. The sense of growing dread is perfectly normal."

"As the Iron Curtain becomes scrap metal, El Presidente says: how much for that?"

"And now a message from El Presidente: 'Buy War Bonds.' They help us win the war, and you can win fabulous prizes."

"And so we discovered that the Mayan prophecy was true. Of course it was true, Presidente! I never doubted it."

"And so, Presidente, you proved that houses are the enemy of equality. For a short time after the war, houses were internationally shunned!"

"And so, by the narrowest of margins, we retain our beloved Presidente. A generous narrow margin, I'm being told. In fact, it was a landslide!"

"Announcing the winner of our competition to win a signed portrait of El Presidente: Penultimo! Congratulations, Number Two, we knew a thousand entries would suffice."

"Anyone who suspects that an uprising is in progress is simply wrong, the Palace informs us. We're told that some citizens are simply 'letting off steam'."

"Why merely swim when you could line up for half an hour in order to take a thrilling eight-second ride down a flume in an Aqua Park?"

"Are flying cars the future? Only if Tropico can win the war – so remember, if you want flying cars, be vigilant and buy War Bonds!"

"Are you suspicious about your neighbor? You should be! Traitors to Tropico lurk in every corner. Be vigilant! Report anti-Tropican behavior immediately."

"By constructing an Army Base, military commanders gain access to tanks wholly unsuited to urban conflict but which look very impressive and intimidate protesters."

"As El Presidente returns from an overseas state visit, Tropico says: please don't leave again!"

"As a result, I regret to report that our highly trained, frighteningly expensive soldiers are lost. They can kill a mule from ten paces with any part of their body, but seem to lack the initiative to ask for directions. Let's hope that something they attack turns out to be the original target..."

"As disgruntled citizens gather, El Presidente responds by increasing next year's gruntling budget by a huge two percent!"

"As one tiny island votes to leave the European Union, Tropico votes to join – with pride! Do you have Euros? We will take them!"

"As the stem cell controversy rages, Tropican botanists report that they've always used stem cells for experiments – and leaf and petal cells, too."

"As the war ends, what should we think? El Presidente's office says: No need!"

"As usual, I have taken one for the team, Presidente. I stayed up all night watching terrible movies, to find a solution unlikely enough to work!"

"Tropicans can't be insane, of course, by order of El Presidente. Tropico sets an example! But sometimes troublemakers need storing away from telephones for a while, hence the Asylum."

"Atomic bombs – fact or fiction? Tropican scientists say 'we don't understand the physics', Palace says 'try harder!'"

"Time is precious Presidente! Especially your time as you are the busy leader of a nation and not just a child playing in a sandbox."

"As your ever-subservient assistant I took the freedom to prepare a humble draft of the Tropican constitution to save some of your precious time. You still need to sign it though. Maybe between the second breakfast and your pre-brunch nap? No pressure!"

"I am always looking for ways to make our export business more efficient, and the biggest problem is that big boats are so slow. Well, we can squeeze a few knots out of every vessel if we wax the hull to reduce drag and switch from diesel engines to widdershins! It will cost a little more in maintenance – but more speed means quicker export money!"

"The farm… it's not just a place where illiterate workers can drive oddly dangerous vehicles, it's where all of Tropico's food is grown! I checked. We could have more food for everyone – even our friends abroad, if they're willing to pay – with just a little investment in economic incentives. Of course, some will complain that you're messing with the free market economy, but you can't farm eggs for omelets without breaking a few friendships."

"It is so difficult to feed everyone, but the solution is right under our noses! Mold! Yes, all those funguses and slimes have nutritional value... and unfortunate names like 'funguses' and 'slimes'. But if we make sausages out of them and brand them with aspirational names, we have a new culinary craze!"

"It is a such a pain when the citizens protest. You work hard every day to make Tropico better for them! But it is a political own goal to declare protests illegal, so we must ban all assemblies over a certain size. Banning groups larger than two is ideal – although it is hard on people waiting for a bus…"

"I am sure you are burning to hear the frank and honest thoughts of the people of our great nation – especially when they know about a particularly lucrative business opportunity. The first three Tropicans with half-decent deals to offer will earn an exclusive one-on-one audience with our beloved leader, as long as they don't forget to sign the waiver giving away exclusive rights first..."

"You know what is popular with the people? Families. Everyone loves children! Well, everyone loves their own children. Other people's children are another matter entirely. But we can win some popular support by paying people for having children. The citizens will like all the implications of that legislation!"

"It is so unfortunate that the internet has made it fashionable to avoid vaccinations. It is understandable – nobody likes to get ill, and vaccinations always make you slightly ill. Of course, they also eradicate fatal diseases, which seems like a plus – but the internet was never particular strong on logical thinking. We might have to use a certain… draconian persuasiveness… to force everyone to have their shots."

"You know what is a good way of getting more people to visit Tropico? Multiculturalism! It is easy too – you start by saying that you support cultural diversity, and then you have annual parades with armed police escorts in case all that lively cross-cultural exchange gets out of hand. Sure, there may be some detractors who see immigration as letting outsiders steal their jobs but we laugh their worries away with better ethnic cuisine. What's not to like?"

"The factory owners have hired some scientists (whose diplomas we suggest you don't examine too closely…) who would like to study the long term-effects of burying toxic waste under the back lots of industrial buildings. While a few jaws will drop to the now-poisonous ground, the grateful magnates have taken a collection and will send a 'care package' to Zurich if you just provide the necessary bank account number…"

"Studies show that the meat from happy animals tastes better than that from sad ones… plus you can stick on a fancy label saying ‘Cruelty Free’ and hike up the prices. Just have the ranch workers stop and pet the livestock! It's not the most efficient farming technique, but the hippies and flower people will be delighted. As much as they can be about meat farming."

"What a hassle it is enforcing the ban on certain substances that all the citizens seem to enjoy, just because they happen to be called 'illegal drugs'! But names are our flexible resource, and – hey presto! – now they are not 'illegal drugs', they are 'medicinal substances', and while we are at it, why not go all the way and call them 'taxable revenue'. It is so much better to take 'taxable revenue' instead of paying the police to confiscate 'illegal drugs'!"

"I have an idea! Ah, it was a visual gag involving holding a light bulb above my head, but I suppose that doesn’t work in text. But these kind of incandescent bulbs are not very energy efficient, and the filament always breaks at the most inconvenient moments. The new fluorescents are so much better, if we ignore the mercury poisoning and so forth."

"Work is hard, and nobody appreciates that more than El Presidente, who has never had to do a day of hard labor and isn't about to start now! As a show of goodwill to the citizens of Tropico, a mandatory two-hour siesta is to be declared after lunch. It is not a great recipe for productivity – but it sure breaks up those long afternoons slaving away. With this edict, you snooze but you do not lose!"

"The rebels are starting to get bored of sleeping in the hills and eating stone soup – I hear the Wi-Fi out there is terrible! If we made it our official policy to 'forgive and forget', many would hang up their guns and come back to their jobs and the comforts of modern life. For those who are still upset that their houses were blown up in all the kerfuffle, that's what Truth and Reconciliation commissions were made to gloss over!"

"The power of mathematics allows the Bank to offer the ability to go deeper and deeper into debt, or invest in dubious 'opportunities' best not mentioned on your tax returns."

"Besides, what counts as 'legal' when the law is different in every country? And as for international law, well, my consultancy is based in international waters, and my accountants are in orbit. It's purely for tax reasons, you understand."

"But there's no reason we shouldn't build more prisons – they can be pretty darn profitable if you set them up right. And there'll always be criminals, Presidente! Plus, you can make more whenever you want, just by tweaking the rulebook a bit..."

"But those are stories for another day. Now, old Penultimo is tired. Old Penultimo will sleep... and dream of your past glories... my Presidente."

"But you can't seriously keep going down this line… Mother Earth gets angry, then all the flower people get freaked out... and believe me, you can smell angry hippies a mile away!"

"But you don't have to worry about crossing that line, Presidente, because you're above it! You are the line and the law. So no wonder there are certain favors that certain people would like you to help them with..."

"By astonishing coincidence, the vote tallies match those Canal Uno was given last night. An astounding result for El Presidente – congratulations!"

"Canal Uno – more than just El Presidente's favorite radio station! We… what does that say? Love? We love El Presidente – with all our hearts!"

"Canal Uno has received word that inflation has skyrocketed thanks to investor greed – El Presidente expresses disappointment in the Capitalists for not being team players."

"Canal Uno is delighted to report that El Presidente has declared victory! Viva El Presidente, the clear winner of this utterly above-board election!"

"Presidente, I am inspired! I have solved the problem of Capitalism!"

"Congratulations, Presidente! We trust you to guide us now. We know that you will be fair and just, and that you will never use your power for your own profit or advantage. The people sing in the streets, that you will be the fairest Presidente of them all!"

"When your enemies do it, it's despicable hacking – but when you do it, you're merely taking advantage of the available alternative facts to make a small adjustment to online reality."

"Dear listeners, do you hear humming noises above you? Don't be alarmed! Surveillance drones exist for the safety and convenience of those who have nothing to hide!"

"The building operates on alternative basic settings and some people swear it works better this way."

"Dial up and surf Canal Uno's homepage on the world wide web, for all your pop-up advert needs! Canal Uno, the voice - and future! - of Tropico."
"El Presidente announces today a new deal with God bringing an end to recent shortages of rain and drinking water. Praise be to the Palace!"

"El Presidente announces a new 'snitch for cash' program – report something suspicious today and you could win fabulous cash prizes!"

"El Presidente fought the deadly computer Worm that attacked on Wednesday and emerged victorious – the internet is safe again! We are in your debt, leader!"

"El Presidente reminds us today that good citizens do not agitate! Because good citizens get what they want... and bad citizens get what they deserve!"

"El Presidente's hard work has paid off in a stunning election win! And by paid off... I don't mean... um... And now the weather!"

"El Presidente, people are angry. Not at you of course, but at what they have become."

"Of course, I know that whatever my Presidente does is the right thing – it is the very definition of the right thing! But the citizens, they may expect certain things from you, given your sensibly-chosen and not-at-all-reckless remarks in your election speech…"

"Presidente, I know you always keep your promises, but the citizens today can be very exacting about what counts as a fulfilled promise…"

"Turn the poverty of your indigenous people into profit by constructing an Ethnic Enclave where they can sell laughable craftworks to gullible tourists."


"The Family Resort offers the double benefit of giving families a suitable place to stay, and keeping all the screaming kids well away from everyone else."

"Stamp upon uprisings of the populace by building a Fort. It sends a clear signal that it will remain standing long after 'uncivilized' people have been 'relocated'."

"Fortunately, I have a plan to deal with the problem that involves capturing and interrogating every secret agent we can find. We do not want to tip them off, however, so we will use a codename: Operation Pie Hunt. I can see no problem whatsoever with this plan!"

"Fortunately, I have kept some ocean-fronted land squirreled away – the Isla Costosa Privada, currently surrounded with minefields and laser sharks. I was saving it for a rainy day, but this is an unprecedented opportunity! We must modernize immediately!"

"Fortunately, we had a state of the art Heisenberg Compensator and a dozen iceberg lettuces. Don't worry about how it works… I'll blog about it later. Got a bit beaten up on the way over, though, so it needs rebuilding."

"Not just an attractive feature for streets or plazas, a Fountain encourages folks to toss some spare change in for good luck, helping to keep your hobos' cash flow fluid."

"Freedom is all that matters, Presidente – freedom for the market! Help me free the market, and its invisible hand will make our financial dreams come true!"

"From your powerful elbows to your unswerving conviction that anything you say is right, loyal Penultimo knows your good points! But for the world to know how great my Presidente is, Tropico must put itself on the map once and for all! How shall we do that, Presidente…?"

"It's not a Garbage Dump, it's a state-of-the-art post-consumer waste recycling facility, equipped with the latest in subterranean compacting and disposal amenities. Okay, it's a landfill, but don't tell anyone."

"General Rodriguez and I have made a secret plan to free Tropico from the Axis! Oh, it is not secret from you, Presidente!"

"Genome sequencing – the future of healthcare, or a billion-dollar scam for American pharmaceutical corporations? Canal Uno suspects you already know the answer."

"Am I being robbed or is this sketch comedy?"

"So this is school… I was expecting something sexier."

"I want breakfast in bed… better sleep in the kitchen."

"Gold! Presidente! Metaphorical gold. Space gold!"

"Ostensibly a sport, the Golf Course allows wealthy men a means to escape both their wives and ethnic diversity on a giant, private, sculpted lawn."

"Good Morning, Presidente! I have brought you breakfast in bed, so imagine my disappointment to find you in the shower. It is I, Penultimo, your most faithful servant, aide, and – dare I say it? Friend? What's that? No? I dare not say it? As you wish, Presidente!"

"Good choice, Presidente. The cathedral's lovely, even if it is mostly made from corrugated iron and old plastic bottles..."

"Good morning Presidente! World War II is over, and I have brought you a nice omelet for breakfast. I did not make it without breaking eggs."

"Good morning, Presidente! Here's my plan for our rodent-themed resort, the Nuts Casino!"

"Good news for those dying of thirst – weather reports predict an end to the drought! When your mouth's so dry, doesn't water seem extra wet?"

"Good news is: we were correct about the White House having Ethernet in every room… The bad news is: we don't have enough bandwidth to download it all."

"Good news, Presidente! Despite the blood on the streets being very hard to wash off, your people are besotted with you! You have crushed the rebels!"

"Good news, Presidente! We won the ethical debate! Apparently, 93% of scientists prefer research grants to ethics!"

"Good news, Tropico! Nights will be a lot less cold for the foreseeable future, as volcano eruptions will keep you toasty warm! What a relief!"

"Good news, Tropico! The Ministry of Information is here for all your questions and queries. Please, bring all rumors and allegations immediately – win fabulous prizes!"

"Good thinking! See what the tourists think of our little archipelago… If only we could arrest the ones that are not having fun, our job would be just a little easier."

"Good thinking, Presidente. What's better than a library? Two libraries! This principle does not work with all things… wars and injuries, for instance."

"While the poor pay less for bigger portions, the rich prefer the Gourmet Restaurant where tiny portions named in pretentious French are served with gastronomical canapés and astronomical prices."

"Government by computer, Presidente, it is... highly original. Everyone knows that computers never fail, especially not with blue screens or loud screeching beeps."

"Great movie theatre, Presidente! I caught a fascinating little picture play about Kansas real estate and the dangers of incipient weather. And flying monkeys!"

"Great work, Presidente. We flooded the market with substandard weapons – so everyone's a winner!"

"The Grocery nullifies pride in growing one's own food by accepting money for things produced by others. This creates the consumer class of Tropican, trained to spend more on inferior products."

"The demands of defending a territory require the construction of isolated fortifications where nervous soldiers hunker down in the hope that they are resupplied before their neighbors overrun them."

"Guard Towers give advance warning that an invading force is too large for there to be any possibility of your survival. This effectively destroys the morale of local insurgents."

"Oddly, while people are afraid of flying on airliners with overprotective safety systems, they love the idea of getting airborne in a sheet of plastic wrapped around an aluminium frame."

"Have you ever tried rolling a fourteen-ton carved stone head across logs and into an aircraft's hold? What a silly question, El Presidente should not have to roll his own cigars, let alone a Moai! But your commandos rose proudly to the challenge… and now they will sink proudly into an Easter Island iced tea."

"Hear how the people cheer for you, Presidente! Or do they scream? Regardless, I may have stumbled upon a way to guarantee your eternal presidency...!"

"Yeehaw, you are a cowboy, Presidente! Penultimo is kidding, of course… and I should not have called you a cowboy. I'm sorry about that."

"Hey, did you know that you're not supposed to inhale cigar smoke? Once I found that out, I got much more efficient at smoking – I stick one in each ear! If the lungs aren't involved, who cares?"

"Hey, it worked! We were able to trigger a subterranean nuclear device to create a transit tunnel through the Earth, and the Temple of Heaven just fell straight through!"

"Through the application of draconian discipline and peer pressure, the High School turns unruly teenagers into spiritlessly conformist adults ready to have their souls crushed through employment."

"The historic Edo-period keep originates from the time in Japan's history where its borders were closed to outsiders. Ironically, it is now invaded daily by Europeans with cameras."

"Honor is satisfied! You should be proud of your military, Presidente – your forces are small but vicious, like an angry chihuahua."

"How dare the rebels raise their hands against you again! We'll show them that might makes right!"

"How dare those trumped up faceless accountants tell a self-made man how to do business! Presidente, Hexxon have screwed us."

"How to put this… I cannot say we are certainly doomed, but we appear to be trapped in a death spiral of crippling national debt."

"However, I have heard that natural disasters are not as loyal as Penultimo, and perhaps we ought to plan some contingencies. The most expensive option is to strengthen all the buildings. Alternatively, an earthquake shelter can help citizens survive a collapsing building. Alternatively, seismologists are a very cost-effective way of seeming to have cared."

"Bad news, I'm a widow – good news, I'm single again!"

"Grow plants almost anywhere with no risk of weeds or pests with a Hydroponic Plantation that gives two fingers to Mother Nature and any concept of 'natural habitat'."

"I always wanted to make a suit out of nuts, then stand in the forest so all the squirrels would climb on me. I've since met some squirrels, however – though they are adorable, their claws are very sharp. So, yikes! Scratch that one from the bucket list!"

"I am sad to say that one of the world's greatest landmarks has disappeared. It just completely vanished! In an entirely unrelated note, we have finished the construction of our new 'landscape feature'. In tribute to the sad loss of our friends abroad, we have built ours with identical appearance, scale, and materials so that it will never be forgotten!"

"I am so proud – of so many rivals, it was my Presidente who rose to the challenge and emerged joyful and triumphant! I would have arranged a surprise party to celebrate this success, but of course it is no surprise at all! May the winds of your immutable destiny blow the trumpets of victory!"

"I am so proud of you, Presidente! Your control of your Tropico is absolute!"

"I am so sorry that we lost the Palace to our Caribbean neighbors. It is my fault, of course! Foolish Penultimo! I will be sure to work out what I did wrong – as soon as we escape capture and permanent incarceration. Or worse! Much, much worse..."

"I don't know how we did it, but let's not question what the team does F-T-W, am I right? Going to post an update on social media saying how awesome we are, then we're going to have a wild party down in the server room. There might even be karaoke!"

"I had plans drawn up for a innovative floating tourist habitat! Then these plans were scrapped when I realized that cruise liners already exist. But we should get one and store all the tourists inside it, charging them by the day! Yes. Like hotels. Which also already exist. The world we live in, Presidente, is so full of wonders."

"I have been thinking that we should protect our citizens, Presidente. At first, I considered inflatable suits for everyone... but then I remembered martial law!"

"I have good news and bad news… The good news is – you set a record! The bad news is that it is for runaway national debt."

"I have heard from your accountant… actually it was more of a suicide note. I think the situation may be out of hand."

"Presidente. I received a boastful letter from Proximo, aide to the leader of Santo Tonto! Is this some kind of challenge? He is such a snake!"

"I met the First Lady. She wants to assassinate you, but I couldn't bear to see my Presidente's soulful eyes close. Yikes, no way!"

I shall trigger the escape slide from your gold-plated bath tub, then, concealed as humble beggars, we shall pass unnoticed through the angry mob. Forgive me, but I must spray you with Parisian Street Musk – pour l'homme! – to complete the illusion. Fear not, the stench will rapidly burn out the part of your brain responsible for experiencing scents…"

"I think we are alone. The commandos have been briefed, Presidente, and have been given some buckets of bacon-flavored nitroglycerin. You need only give the order, and you-know-what will blow its top... as will you-know-who!"

"I thought chopping down trees would be pretty controversial, Presidente, but your P.R. is exceptional! It's the first thing the internet ever agreed on!"

"I'm sure the good citizens of Tropico intend to vote for you, Presidente! I myself intend to vote for you many, many times!"

"I've been counting the seaworthy vessels on these islands, and the numbers just don't add up. So I've an idea, Presidente, and it's titanic!"

"I've been doing more thinking, Presidente. Usually I pay someone to do it for me, but Marsha's got the sniffles."

"I've been sent a plan for a building we call a theater. A special theatre, with a luxury box just for you. Build it, and we'll put on a play about your life!"

"I've done some tests and they're right! Drinking makes you feel piratey! That is, if piratey means unsteady and nauseous. By the time I fell over I was quite buccaneered! So, it's rum for all, mateys!"

"I've got it. Cigars! They're a Tropican classic, they can be rolled by hand – with a little practice – and rich people absolutely love things that have been painstakingly made by poor people. Especially things that burn!"

"I especially enjoyed marveling at your Palace from so many angles and distances. Amazing! After this, maintaining your power throughout a turbulent century of political challenges should be simplicity itself!"

"It's so challenging to care about the struggles of indigenous people yet do nothing."

"Ah, I am so immersed in the local culture I caught a tropical disease!"

"Ah, nothing to do, and everywhere to do it!"

"If I recall correctly, the first mate recently invented an amazing new sport called 'boardsailing', which seemed to consist of standing upon a plank, then falling in the water. This craze has led to a shortage of sailcloth, as the sharks keep getting tangled in it..."

"If only there were some way to rewind time... or 'reload', if you will. But that is impossible in reality! Which is why smart world leaders don't simply give up! Giving up is for the hoi polloi! The little people!"

"If you want to know how progressive and advanced a culture is, count their prisons! Great cultures have great criminals! But make sure you build on the little island, Presidente. Like that prison they have in America... what's it called... Manhattan?"

"Imagine my joy at being back on an island with brick buildings and indoor plumbing – and at having someone to talk to who is not a coconut!"

"In a friendly meeting, the Tropican army has carefully persuaded protestors to return to their homes or hospitals. Thanks for your peaceful assistance, soldiers!"

"In a hard-hitting exposé, Canal Uno exposes the truth about the commandos: they do wear underwear. It is unwise to go to war without it!"

"In an official statement from the Palace, it has been confirmed that God loves El Presidente, whose faith is rock-solid. Holy press releases, Tropico!"

"In recent news, Tropicans play it cool as volcanic activity comes to an end."

"In light of the current uprising, all citizens are asked to commence an immediate inventory of canned goods. Absolutely do not look out your windows!"

" The Earth exists for us, Presidente, and it is filled with treasures left for us to find. Great riches grow upon it, also! We take what we want to make what we will, for the purpose of any great man's life is to build. We shall be great, Presidente! And – given the appropriate political support, which shall be well rewarded – we shall make great things!"

"I just love the smell of emissions and exploited workers."

"A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business."

"Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs…"


"I create motion and make things happen, Presidente. From unliving rock we extract the fuels of life itself! Give me a hand, and together we can move the world!"

"I sometimes wonder, Presidente, what the world would be like without me. Static? Still? Unmoving? As if the wind were gone."

"Industrialists Candidate"

"Industrialists: Maximum Exploitation"

"Industrialists are passionate about turning Tropico into a powerful economic player. Growth is their aim and exploitation their means. They see war as a chance to improve sales."

"They dislike buildings and governmental tools that improve public welfare or benefit the environment."

"They like all industrial buildings and support education and progress as long as they then foster the exchange of goods."

"Industrialization"

"Industry"

"Infantry"

"Infernal Combustion Intervention"

"Infiltration"

"Influence"

"Info"

"Organizes logistics on one island. Transports goods from production to processing buildings. Transports goods to docks for export. "

"Construction workers travel to construction sites to contribute to the construction process."

"Inheritance (Taj Mahal)"

"Initial research, Presidente, indicates that our Jurassic Squirrel is in fact the fabled Tropican electric squirrel!"

"Initializing Game"

"Inoculation"

"Savings Withdrawal"

"Input is decreased by {consmodpercent}. The building requires an additional {PowSupp} MW of electrical power."

"Inside %building"

"The Inside Man"

"Inside {BuildingName}"

"Insider Tips"

"You need to designate a tour destination. Visitors will travel to the destination. The efficiency is scaled by the beauty at the tour destination and increased by {effPerEntertainemnt} for every entertainment building in the vicinity up to a cap of {effPerEntertainemntCap}. Increases the fee by {feemodpercent}. Thrill-seeking tourists prefer this building."

"Inspect Fisher Happiness"

"Inspect Political Views"

"Inspect Politics Page"

"Inspect Support"

"Ask the Eastern Bloc for Financial Aid"

"Inspect the Info Panel of a citizen working at one of the Fishermen's Wharfs."

"Select a citizen working at one of the Fishermen's Wharfs."

"Inspect the Info Panel of a tourist."

"Inspiring Billboard"

"Nothing is quite so heart-warming as an Inspiring Billboard that happens to align perfectly with your prior political beliefs. It's not propaganda if you're enjoying it!"

"Needs to be placed next to a road. Increases the approval of each driver-by."

"Inspiring Statue"

"Why settle for mere statuary when you could have an Inspiring Statue instead! What makes it inspiring? A combination of dynamic character stances, stirring inscriptions, and dogmatic rhetorical entrenchment."

"Increase the beauty in the area. Choose a pose to influence citizens living nearby."

"Install <q>Chrome Tanning<q>"

"Install <q>Chrome Tanning<q> in the Tannery."

"Install <q>In-Flight Meals<q>"

"Install <q>In-Flight Meals<q> at the Airport"

"Install {upgradename}"

"The building does not provide a squad. Soldiers stay within it to defend it against attackers."

"Instead of building one from scratch, you can refit the Landing to a Teamster Port."

"Instead of imprisoning a crime lord, why not strike a shady deal with him."

"Instead of placing {buildingName} execute script actions instead"


"In the past, progress marched on. But legs are so tired – in the future, progress is gonna hover!"

"You'll never guess what happened, Presidente! A breakthrough! I know! I think we might just change the world!"

"So, you know that math is the secret language of the universe? And algebra is the graffiti of reality?"

"By my calculations, you have improved at least eight of the ten metrics I've scribbled down on this napkin."

"Intellectual Minister of Education"

"Intellectual Minister of Foreign Affairs"

"Intellectual Minister of Interior"

"Intellectual Demand"

"Don't we have enough newfangled claptrap?"

"While (Intellectuals == unhappy) do escalate()."

"How easy is it to count in binary? It's as easy as 01 10 11."

"Like, #PrivateThoughts, dude!"

"New stuff rocks!"

"Science solves all problems… even the ones it creates!"

"Why do we let the stupid people vote?"

"Intellectuals"

"Intellectuals: Hacking Attack"

"Intellectuals Candidate"

"Open-minded globalists who challenge the old ways of thinking and doing things."

"They dislike old-fashioned religious and military traditions. They dislike edicts and work modes that promote backward thinking or the exploitation of minorities."

"They like progress, buildings with new technologies, and governmental tools that improve conditions for the people and the environment with the vision of a peaceful global society."

"Thinking, Presidente! We have dedicated our lives to thought. The human ability to understand the world is an incredible thing! Every discovery we make tells us more about ourselves, and helps make us better. We should put lots and lots of money into researching things, to make life better for everybody! And the best part is, they don't have to understand it – because they can trust us!"

"One moment, please... I'm in the middle of a scientific breakthrough! Or is it a breakdown? Hahaha! Sorry, I'm going nuts – I must've jammed too many thoughts into my brain today. I'm the smartest person in the room... ah, oops, I mean, uh, Presidente! Dr. Elena Culpepper! Need some super-broccoli? Non-tangle wiring? Self-basting turkeys? You just let me know!"

"Interaction on cooldown for {amount} months"

"Interactive Education"

"Interest"

"Interest generated"

"Interest generated by Banks"

"International Trade Partnership"

"International (4 Players)"

"Cordial Relations with those Virtuous Nations that have chosen to take the nation of Tropico as its Trade Partner being of Paramount Import, it shall be resolved that the Abrading of One Back shall result in the appropriate Excoriation of the Other Back, to the Harmonious Benefit of all concerned."

"International Highscore Ranking System"

"Interrogation Room"

"No, Mr. Crook, I Expect You to Talk"

"Intimidate Neighbors"

"Now that the mine is connected to the road network, the teamsters will transport the gold to the dock. The next freighter will automatically export the gold, earning you money which is added to your treasury. Every time a freighter arrives, a newsfeed message will display the money earned from the export.<cf><cf>Your current treasury balance is permanently displayed on the top left of the screen. Notice that you will need to have money in the treasury to construct new roads and buildings and that running costs like building upkeep and wages for workers will deplete your treasury over time."

"Intro"

"Hey, Presidente, I could use some help. Mostly I'm a self-actuated individual type, but sometimes we all need friends."

"Can we talk about the issues, Presidente? Certainly, the people are concerned about the issues. It's past time someone did something!"

"You act with great conviction, Presidente – a very Tropican trait! Why, some of our greatest leaders were convicted."

"Thanks for your help, Presidente! Remember, listening to me is always the right thing to do."

"Security isn't just a word, Presidente! I need your help to make sure Tropico is secure from... everything!"

"Introduction"

"The overall happiness of citizens only takes into account their food and fun happiness. Increases all tourist ratings. Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"Introduction to the mission"

"Invalid ground type"

"Invalid intersection."

"Invasion"

"Invasion condition"

"Invest Knowledge"

"Invest in Tropico, Presidente! That's the future... you plant money to grow a money tree, which drops more money to plant, to grow more money trees. Whadya say – let's get green fingers!"

"Invite"

"Invite Friend"

"Invite Worker"

"Invite a Foreign Worker to the Library"

"Invite a Superpower"

"Invite a Company"

"Invite a superpower company to this Offshore Office"

"Invite the superpower to this embassy"

"Invite {SuperpowerName} to {BuildingName}"

"Iron"

"Irregular Cobblestone"

"Is It That Time Already?"

"Is currently locked"

"Is it that time already, old bean? I'm going to need you to vacate the Palace."

"Is it 'bratatatatata'…? Or perhaps 'dakka dakka dakka'…? Which do you think sounds better?"

"You cannot make changes while raiders are on a mission."

"Is technology taking over our lives? Social media polls reveal 117% satisfaction with everything. The numbers do not lie!"

"Is there something wrong with you? Has your brain gone numb? Be off with you, you rancid little man."

"Is this memorandum accurate? You know, compliance with EU mandates isn't optional!"

"Is this my fault, Presidente? Did I try to play God? I hope not – 'Playing God' is the number two cause of death for movie scientists. After disembowelment by aliens."

"Is this what people mean by 'ethics'? I'll have to look it up on the internet later. Presidente, the squirrel threat is over… But what will we do with a giant mutant llama? Wait! I have an idea! A giant mutant lion! TO THE LAB!"

"Is unlocked after purchasing blueprint of {building}"

"Is unlocked in {era}"

"Island"

"Islands"

"Islands bridge connected"

"Islands not bridge connected"

"Isn't it funny, Presidente? All that trouble caused by one little statue over so much time. But it was worth a century of conflict to see the look on his face!"

"Isolate the Island"

"Issue The Edict"

"Issue Travel Warning"

"Prohibition!"

"Issue the {EdictName} Edict"

"Issue {EdictName}"

"It Ain't Easy Being Green"

"It all happened on Cala de Nada, an island so bereft of natural resources that the islanders had learned to eat sand. But you saved them, Presidente! Your piratical genius made something from nothing. Let me take you back to a time of adventure upon the high seas..."

"It all started when I informed him of the Party's decision to disband his elite squad, which I am sure you will take care of. I have been on edge since Comrade Kuznetsov disappeared, Presidente. Was she liquidated by the Party?"

"It also seems that the war is over... for most of the world. For us, I'm afraid, there can be no peace until I hold the Alabaster Beluga in my hands. It shall be mine, Presidente! Mark my words… and watch your back."

"It amuses me to bet on what leaves your country, since I cannot quite believe that so much of your wealth is made from trade. How delightfully decadent! My money just comes from being already so unspeakably rich… it is very boring, I assure you."

"It cannot be that you aren't the best Presidente, of course! That is beyond doubt. It is rather that some other, lesser Presidente achieved a temporary state of success. Which is to say, someone else won. But you are no loser – you are just winningly challenged!"

"It doesn't have to come to this – we both share a deep and abiding love of money! But if you continue to listen to these people with their morals and their ethics and their bleeding hearts…"

"It has been confirmed that our beloved military mascot Capitan Tropico will be appearing at the Tropico Service Organization gala – morale ahoy!"

"It is I, Presidente – Penultimo! Your faithful aide, your biggest fan. I chronicled your triumphs! Fear not, for nothing was written down. Penultimo never forgets... unless he is told to, of course!"

"It is a great day for our comrades – we even had cake to celebrate!"

"It is a sacred covenant. You sacrifice everything to lead them – except for riches, power and anything else you want – and in return, they do as you say. And together, all benefit! Except the people. But without you, they are nothing."

"It is an age-old question, Presidente... which is smarter, the person or the abacus? Well, that is an age-old trick question. The abacus cannot think!"

"It is as cold as hell where our troops are stationed... or is it as hot as hell? No, it is definitely cold."

"It is as Comrade Marx said: from each according to his ability, to each according to his need. Of course, you have an abundance of both ability and need, so it makes sense that you're the one who gets to live in the Palace."

"It is certainly not your fault – perish the thought! – Penultimo is entirely responsible for giving you terrible advice, and I shall never forgive myself. Nonetheless, I have taken the precaution of packing Tropico's gold bullion into the sandbags of the Palace hot air balloon. Shall I fire up the burner?"

"It is done, Presidente. The trap is baited! Prince Thari's new island is replete with the finest world landmarks money can't buy!"

"It is done, Presidente... all religious buildings have been destroyed. There is a strange quiet amongst the people, even those who reject religion..."

"It is done? Hmm. No better than expected, but at least no worse. Which makes it spot on, and I suppose that is rather clever."

"Dear Presidente, I am sorry to say, but it looks like all rats have fled our beloved nation. I have packed my things and will keep our governance in good memories. Be assured that I will join you on your next dictatorship."

"It is more shameful to distrust our friends than be deceived by them, Presidente. In this spirit, I offer the hand of friendship."

"It is never for me to tut or frown or roll my eyes, my Presidente. I was, and still am, your faithful servant, and my face is yours to command."

"It is no good, we are surrounded by pilgrims!"

"It is not about the amount of gold, which is satisfactory, nor the color – it is an excellent golden color, much as expected. But the Chancellor really has set his heart on the cursed treasure of the Izca, Presidente. It has applications as a weapon, you see. So, let us dig deeper..."

"It is of course assumed that if you offer your hand in return, that hand will be stuffed with material wealth. Though we cannot take it with us, that simply increases the motivation to spend it quickly, don't you agree?"

"It is only a matter of time before the Party collapses under its own weight! It is essential that we spread the word immediately – let us rapidly expand your media! Oh, Presidente, I believe that finally a truly Communist system will bring peace and prosperity to all workers everywhere!"

"It is only correct that you become Presidente For Life, Presidente. You will always be the only Presidente in your humble Penultimo's life…"

"Alas, Tropico does not yet have everything it needs to pull in those overseas punters. Let us make places to stay, things to visit, and – most importantly – ways for tourists to arrive without seeing the generous poverty of our own citizens. No-one wants to start their vacation on a bummer!"

"It is probably sensible that someone considers the dangers of so many shacks in such proximity! Of course, if a fire were to break out, I'd be unable to fight it... so I've resorted to patrolling the island, throwing cups of water at people who smoke."

"It is so cramped, dangerous and difficult to drive, that it guarantees automotive impartiality for all. Please legislate to bring these vehicles to the workers. Transport times population equals the Party. Now, where is Comrade Kuznetsov, Presidente? If she is not here, I must attend to your tiny islands... which is not correct!"

"It is the essence of power, Presidente, to instruct people how to behave. But we do not go too far – we do not tell them what to think! As long as they think what we want, of course."

"It is time to create the perfect Communist utopia, Presidente. I know that, like me, you have dreamed of a time when all are equal! Well... mostly equal?"

"It is time to fill your coffers with booty. Your scurvy dogs shall rove across the seven seas, stealing pieces of eight, and be home before nine for grog, ribaldry, and a good night's rest."

"It is time! We no longer whisper, but rather shout revolution from the rooftops! Today we demand – politely! – to be free!"

"It is true that we are having some problems with volcanoes, but do not worry, the palace is certified lava-proof."

"It is true, the wind is stronger than usual, and thunder has been heard rumbling in the distance, but I assure you, the Palace is in no danger."

"It is you, my friends, who I thank for making me what I am today. I am proud to be your Presidente! Viva Tropico!"

"It looks like you're going to need more prison space, Presidente! That's how you know it's going well!"

"It looks to me as though people don't much want to visit your dumb island, pal."

"It may be true that illness runs riot, and that violent crime is endemic upon the island. But endemic for all! All are equally diseased and beaten up! That is the point! And our population still grows! IN YOUR FACE, PROXIMO!"

"It may have been an oversight during mission planning that we did not consider that the target is literally next door to the Kremlin…"

"It may have been the worst of times, for it was certainly not the best of times! But the second World War created many opportunities, too, Presidente!"

"It may not be the largest green space available, but this Small Park is perfect for afternoon tea or nighttime muggings."

"It must be time to obtain my innovative floating tourist habitat! We shall pack it with money sponges and squeeze with all our might. Seals, oil spills, seals dying in oil spills – think of the potential for word of mouth!"

"It seems I have stolen major landmarks and placed them on land I apparently own in Tropico! Is this... blackmail? What a treat!"

"It seems a shame that allies can turn frosty when you have nothing to benefit from a breakdown in the entente cordiale. But I have a chance to change that! You could be in control of when diplomatic relations turn cold – and you'd get a pleasant surprise on the side as a spoonful of sugar. Interested?"

"It seems as if the Commies don't have any spies in Tropico. That's a bit suspicious, frankly. Everywhere has bugs, rats and Commies!"

"It seems that things are going well so far! And look, we have been requested by the Party to remove all religious buildings from Tropico! People cannot have justice if some are closer to God than others, and so everyone must be far away from God. Reality minus false hope equals the Party!"

"It seems the Alabaster Beluga was plundered from a mysterious Arctic tribe by the Wyndham's family whaling company. It was promised as a gift to the Princess Royal but the Captain making the delivery sold it instead to a Spanish archaeologist named Bandana Gomez – right here in Tropico! Many would pay handsomely to get hold of it!"

"It seems the humble squirrel's potential for violence has been ignored by a Hollywood too risk-averse to portray the real dangers of rural life! But, modifying standard giant monster plan 6, I calculate that a gigantic pile of bananas should attract all the rodents to a single place..."

"It seems the melon-headed dolphin isn't a 'Beluga', whatever that is, but a 'Narwhal'! It's like a unicorn but with fins. When Bandana Gomez purchased the statue, it still had the horn, but it broke off while he was raiding the tombs of the Izca. We must search the ruins before Wyndham gets his hands on that tusk!"

"In the previous lesson you learned about the overall happiness of your citizens. It feeds into their approval towards you as their leader. However, this is mainly determined by their Political Views: <cf><cf>An individual citizen will orient their views towards some of the political factions in Tropico over time. There are different levels of commitment to a faction (moderate, strong, die-hard) which determine how strongly that faction influences the citizen. Instead of orienting towards a faction, a Tropican can also remain indifferent on certain topics."

"It takes a brave entrepreneur to flee, Presidente! Running away is an act of courage! Except I cannot run, the diamonds are poking my toes. Let us hobble to the speedboat, Presidente, and leave behind forever the Cayo de Gasolina Submarina..."

"It warms Penultimo's heart to see the ships coming to Tropico and taking our goods out into the world. Not that what we make isn't good enough for Tropicans to use, of course, it is just that we make much more money when we sell them to our unsuspecting export partners."

"It was always risky turning the castle into a giant rocket and flying it over to Tropico, but there's only so much you can do from a computer keyboard, you know? Anyway, it needs putting together like construction toys... and you'll need a good painter and decorator."

"It was probably the worst of times! It certainly was not the best of times... although, during World War II, many people exhibited great triumphs of the human spirit...<cf><cf>You, Presidente, are of course a living triumph! And it was during the War that you implemented one of your most daringly triumphant plans!<cf>Looking ahead to the end of the War, you foresaw a need for new ways to live. A need for equality!<cf>And so you created the Isla de las Casas Modestas – with the promise of equality for all!"

"It won't be long before Wyndham's troops march straight to the Palace to take your head! Maybe my head too! Maybe also the heads of some other people, but they don't mean as much to us. Even giving Wyndham the fat dolphin may not save us. You must become... Presidente."

"It would be best for me if your soldiers stand still. Also, perhaps if they wore bright colors? My interest here is one of efficiency, da? Bullets are not cheap. Hmmm, speaking of which, it seems I require a source of reasonably priced firearms and accessories..."

"It would be undignified for me to merely give to you the meager sums you seek. I believe it is traditional for me to give you a hoop to jump through? Well, I always desire that things go off with a bang. Very literally, on this occasion!"

"It's a good deal we're offering, Presidente! Basically, if you don't show us up, and if you keep the resources flowing, we'll mostly ignore you. Can't say fairer than that!"

"It's a lovely pub, Presidente, so I should thank you for that. What can I get you? A nice pint of sherry?"

"It's about time we schooled those uppity neighboring islanders, Presidente! Playing loud music at all times of the night!"

"It's been a blast, though! When I set out to prove Tropico's legacy of baseball excellence, I had no idea that I'd perpetrate a mass kidnapping of the cream of America's athletes! Life takes us to some funny places!"

"It's close, but our beloved Presidente remains Tropico's undisputed leader! Meanwhile, the opposition will retire to a tiny cottage on the Tuscan island of Elba."

"It's done, Presidente. Hexxon Global has learned not to try a gentleman's patience, or underestimate his love of explosives."

"It's game day, Presidente! It's the top of the first and the bases are loaded! The crowd is electric! And... Home run. Aw, darn…"

"It's going great, Pres! But I need a bigger market if I'm to maximize profits. Let's take on China, I can't see how that could go wrong!"

"It's good that you'd reach out to me, Presidente! You're on a popularity drive, right? Heh, you came to the right guy – I'm popular even though nobody actually likes me!"

"It's just not the life I wanted for myself, you see. Fishies. Rum. Coconuts. And don't get me started about the size of the spiders here! I sat on one just the other day, mistook it for a chair! Not sure which of us was more surprised. Oh well, onwards and upwards!"

"It's my job to fully exploit these islands, insignificant as they are. Ore, bananas, giant apes, dinosaurs – whatever has monetary value."

"It's no joke, Presidente! Churches simply don't have the bathroom facilities for so many folks – they're designed for holy ghosts to live in, not people. I need funds to buy mops, and lots and lots of incense. Can you help me out, Presidente?"

"It's not a good time."

"It's not the success I'd hoped for, though. In fact, I expected a little more than we got. I hope there's nobody at your end dipping into the product, Governor? That little weasel of an aide, for instance?"

"It's official – we have a drought! Water rationing begins immediately. In other news, it's bath day for El Presidente's favorite white elephant, El Nellie."

"It's one thing for foreigners to come and take our jobs, Presidente, but you handing jobs directly to them is a disgrace!"

"It's open to everyone, after all. And ever since the war, when occupying American soldiers forced us to play, baseball's been Tropico's favorite sport! Tighten up security, Presidente, and then we'll talk about the Tropico Series!"

"It's probably a stock market illusion, but there's still talk about recession. Never fear, Pres – I have a plan so ingenious you'll definitely want to take credit for it!"

"It's sun, sea and stroganoff as we ally with the Eastern Bloc! Pundits ask: did the Cold War just turn tropical?"

"It's the Quantum Cryptography Module, it takes more power than even you can imagine, Presidente. No! I am wrong! That was wrong. You can imagine all the power, Presidente! So let us channel some to the cyber operations center and give the nerds a treat."

"It's you and me, Presidente! We're in the trenches, side by side, fighting the war for Gaia! You can win us the battle – just marshal your forces and spend for Mother Earth!"

"Italy"

"It'll be a sporting contest, right? Not that I like sporting contests… I like winning. And you don't win by giving anyone a sporting chance. But hey, I bet you'll take this bet, Pres…!"

"It's a little-known fact that Mad King Ludwig built a castle right here in Tropico – a century after his death. That's a particularly special talent!"

"It's a success the likes of which ye have never seen!"

"It's no good, Pres – the smart money has had enough of your wonky politics. We don't take disappointment lying down!"

"It's not about guns or prayers, Presidente, it's about doing what's right. And doing what God wants is always right. What does he want? Well, I have a few suggestions…"

"It's that book, something Bosom something Sea? Everybody's got a copy, even people who can't read! The bit where Clint, disguised as Eleanor, is forced to walk the plank by Eleanor, disguised as Captain Beard – all the urchins want planks so they can play it out!"

"It's the funniest thing, though… As we fled Mount Kraken's hungry lava, pushing citizens aside as we ran, I'm sure I remember the nun loading a wooden crate onto a tramp steamer. I think it was bound for Vatican City..."

"It's too late to save the planet, Presidente, so we should fly Tropico into orbit to survive the apocalypse. Consider my proposal while I run this simulation… ah, we flew into the sun. That's okay, let's reload!"

"I'll ensure that everything that's coming to you proceeds according to plan… did that sound disturbing? I meant it completely innocently. I really am quite harmless."

"I'll take care of all the arrangements… don't worry about a thing. Especially don't worry that anything sinister might happen as a consequence of all this. Forget I even mentioned it."

"I'll take this money to the treasury and inform them that we've ditched another of our backwaters. There won't be any further trouble, I assure you – honestly, these islands aren't really worth the cost of an invasion. Toodle pip!"

"I'm all for Research and Development – it's tax deductible! – but you can't listen to people who believe that trying is good enough. You have to win, Presidente! And with my request I know we'll win."

"I'm as big a fan of the armed forces as anyone – but a nation that doesn't have strong values is doomed. If you want the respect of other nations, invest in tradition, Presidente!"

"I’m not saying the Axis will definitely invade. Well, all right, yes I am. In fact, I think they might already be invading! So this would be a good time to recruit some special forces to protect me… I mean, to protect you, oh illustrious leader!"

"I'm so glad I made this deal with you, Presidente!"

"I'm sure El Presidente is amused by your pagan nonsense, child, but this talk of 'going green' has me seeing red. Presidente – if we're going to save something, we should start with the souls of registered voters."


"I'm sure you would agree that few things in life are truly certain, Presidente... Besides taxes, and the inevitable zombie plague."

"I'm sure you would agree that few things in life are truly certain, Presidente... besides taxes, and the inevitable zombie plague. <cf><cf>And yet – I remember that blessed archipelago where you found a way to rule forever. Its islands were scattered across the sea like a constellation... and it was written in the stars that you would become Presidente For Life. But only a Presidente of your genius could convince the people that it was their idea...!"

"I'm telling you. This had better quash any further attempts at troublemaking. We don't want the people thinking that they know what's best for them!"

"I'm willing to turn a blind eye, but I'll need a small favor… off the books, shall we say. There's a Spanish schooner loading at the Pearl Islands I've taken a personal interest in. Bring me its cargo, no questions asked, and... well, I won't ask you any questions about your little eye patch chums."

"I've got nothing against the big guy but you can't sell tickets to church. I've tried! And let's face it: every penny spent on charity is a penny wasted. For-profit business is always the way to go."

"I've never been blackmailed before! It is quite the most exciting thing that has happened to me! How am I supposed to play along? I act scared, then concede to your demands? Of course! Anything for my most entertaining friend. Consider Wyndham cut off from my oil money from now on."

"I've run the numbers and it doesn't look good… I mean, angry nerds – never a good thing!"

"Inspires people in surrounding areas and improves their overall happiness. Effects from multiple statues do not accumulate."

"Jan"

"January"

"Jewelry"

"Jewelry Workshop"

"Only Tropico's workshops produce jewelry made from its infamous 6-carat gold. Other nations don't consider alloys with less than a quarter gold-content as qualifying for the term 'precious metal'. Another Tropican first!"

"Job"

"Job Happiness"

"Job Quality"

"Increases job quality by {jobmod}. Output is reduced by {PowerMod}MW of electrical power."

"Increases the fee by {feemodpercent}. Job quality is decreased by {jobmod}. Child tourists prefer this building."

"Job quality is decreased by {jobmod}. The fee is decreased by {feemod}. The required wealth for visitors is poor."

"Job quality is decreased by {jobmod}. The fee is increased by {feemod}. Every employee adds {vismod} visitor slots. Increases the tourist rating from visiting tourists by {ratingmodpercent}."

"Decreases job quality by {jobmod}. Efficiency is increased by {effmod}."

"Citizens get their job happiness from the job quality of their workplace. Unemployed citizens might secretly become criminals depending on the level of crime safety around their home."

"Job Positions"

"Jobs (taken / total)"

"Job's Worth"

"Join Game"

"Join the Nuclear club."

"Joinable"

"Joining failed, the lobby was already filled."

"Joining game took too long and was aborted."

"Joining the game..."

"Mason Belmonte"

"Joyous Jobs"

"Juice"

"Juicery"

"Modern consumers are tired of mere fruit – they want it brutalized in a Juicery and made into smoothies that promise implausible health benefits from mixing juice with kale and wheatgrass."

"Processes bananas or pineapples to produce juice. Emits little pollution. "

"Jul"

"July"

"Jun"

"June"

"Inspire People"

"Just Deserts"

"Just as we praise our friends, so we condemn our enemies! The Axis wishes to remake the world? Over my mildly-unsettled body!"

"Just ask Poland... or France. Or the Netherlands, Luxemburg, Denmark, Yugoslavia, Greece, Norway… really, anywhere in Europe. Even Britain by next Tuesday. So, you don't need to comply... but please do."

"Just give the word, and we will trigger the explosives. We have never exploded anything as large as a mountain before! I expect it to burn magnificently, so I shall run to the shops, buy marshmallows, and we can make s'mores! So tasty."

"Just joining us? Welcome to our live coverage as the Palace's west wall gets painted!"

"Just remember – parking decks for cars, public transportation for everyone, and make sure there's enough power to keep everything moving. It is troublesome, but until we find a way to keep everyone at home in front of a screen, it is sadly essential."

"Just remember to check the almanac to see how happy everyone is, to lower the budgets of buildings to make them cheaper for people to use, or to raise the budgets of buildings to make the workers able to afford nicer things."

"Presidente, as promised, I do indeed gasp in awe at the effortless way in which you completed my workout! Gasp!"

"Just remember: tourist ports to get 'em in, tourist accommodations to put 'em in, and tourist traps to pack 'em in. There's good money to be made from foreigners, even if you don't pick their pockets directly!"

"Just remember: you can build security infrastructure to uncover those things people are trying to hide from you, like being criminals or rebels or bad taste in underwear, and when all else fails the military is always ready to open fire during an uprising or Cinco de Mayo festivities."

"Just small things, of course, a few major infrastructure adjustments, some absurdly opulent hostelries, somewhere you can order a fillet from an endangered animal, a sporting facility that uses more drinking water than the local populace, a brandy glass full of just the red candy... you know the sort of thing."

"Just try and keep all the political plates spinning and if you drop one, sweep up the pieces and claim that you meant to do it. The good news is the factions will tell you when they're unhappy – it does take some of the guesswork out of it all!"

"Karma IV"

"Keep Knowledge"

"Keep Your Head"

"Keep an eye on the side quests of this mission. Most of the superpowers will offer a chocolate trade route as reward for meeting their request."

"Keep in mind that while having a police force and military is generally a good thing, people's liberty levels are reduced if they live near these buildings..."

"Automatically follow this person around."

"Keeping Promises"

"Keeping Track"

"Keeping all the factions sweet is the key to political success… It is also impossible – which is why politics is such good fun!"

"Keeping everyone happy is impossible, of course, so you have to play the numbers. In brief, you are number one, I am number two, and everyone else is way down there somewhere."

"The fish farm is unaffected by negative effects from droughts. The building becomes non-flammable."

"Keybindings"

"Kick Player"

"Kick in the Balls"

"Kidnapping those German scientists had the amusing side effect of sabotaging the entire planet's technological development! Whoops."

"Kids Activity Center"

"Kids Menu"

"Kill"

"Send orders to openly assassinate this rebel leader. All other rebels have a chance to reconsider being a rebel. Significantly decreases approval of the target's family, increasing the risk of them becoming rebels."

"Kind of Normal"

"King of the Pirates!"

"Kingpin"

"Rum Until You Drop"

"Knock Your Blockade Off"

"Know this, my people: I have nothing but contempt for criminals – especially the type that get caught! When I heavily arm the police force, you will no longer fear the lawbreakers!"

"Knowledge"

"Knowledge (Last Month)"

"Knowledge (Lifetime)"

"Knowledge can be used to research new Edicts, Work modes, and Constitution options."

"Knowledge is never wasted. You can spend accumulated Knowledge to directly unlock research items."

"Knowledgio Sinco"

"Known foreign spies"

"Known Rebels/Rebel Leaders:"

"Koi Pond"

"La Tour… 'Ee Fell!"

"Labor Policy"

"Constitution topic. Allows you to change the age at which Tropican citizens are required to work and when they are able to retire."

"Laevorotatory Lactic Acid"

"Landing"

"Landing Craft"

"While it has long been known that you can land boats on any beach, Landings are a proven method of ensuring your boat still floats when the time comes for departure."

"Allows citizens and tourists to get into boats. People travelling on boats can dock at landings."

"World Wonder"

"World Wonders"

"Landmass"

"Large"

"Size L Park near Embassy"

"Large dwellings make rich people happy. You are therefore to demolish mansions, making all comrades 24% more mutual. People divided by law equals the Party, or so it says here. But I have dreams, Presidente. Code books! Miniature spy planes! The world doesn't feel right. It's just too warm..."

"Laser Beam Welders"

"Laser Drilling"

"Laser Show"

"Latino"

"Launch a Mission in the Space Program"

"Laws! Rules! Regulations! These are a few of Penultimo's favorite things!"

"Layout"

"Lead Shielding"

"Leather"

"Leather Export"

"Break Relations"

"Bah, couldn't leave soon enough."

"I'll never forget my time here… I caught too many viruses."

"What a dump, sorry I ever came."

"Stupid Tropico, I hate you!"

"Not the worst trip I've had."

"That was an okay vacation, I guess."

"What was that place called again? Tropico?"

"Bye-bye, Tropico! I guess you were okay."

"Goodbye, Tropico! I love you!"

"I'll never forget my time here… I have an eidetic memory."

"What a great vacation!"

"Hooray for Tropico! It's the best!"

"Left"

"Legalized Substances"

"Tourists pay {feemod} in addition each time they have to pay a fee. Increases liberty by {libertymod}. Increases the thrill-seeking tourist and relaxation tourist rating by {touristratingmod}. Decreases religious standing by {factionmod 0}. Decreases conservative standing by {factionmod 1}."

"Leisure"

"Lemonade seas... bubblegum trees... marzipants? I declare this to be gibberish, Presidente, and far from a viable business model."

"Lens Flares"

"Lesson 10: <q>Shady Business<q>"

"Lesson 1: Introduction & Controls"

"Lesson 2: Economy"

"Lesson 3: Management"

"Lesson 4: <q>Citizens<q>"

"Lesson 5: <q>Interior Politics<q>"

"Chapter VI: Multiplayer"

"Lesson 6: <q>Government<q>"

"Lesson 7: <q>Traffic & Infrastructure<q>"

"Lesson 8: <q>Tourism<q>"

"Lesson 9: <q>Roles & Rebels<q>"

"Don't let Axis Standing drop below 16!"

"Let It Rot"

"Let Penultimo humbly teach you something."

"Let Them Eat Cheese!"

"Let me add to your infinite wisdom, Presidente."

"Let me be frank – the world is at war and yet Tropico is not even equipped to defend against trespassers, let alone Axes and Alleys and goodness knows what else is lurking out there beyond the blockade! Pease give the order to construct a perimeter. I won't sleep a wink until it's done!"

"Let me get to the point. I've got weapons to sell, you've got enemies who want to shoot at you... Put it all together and we're sitting on the business opportunity of the century, know what I'm saying? And you'll be perfectly safe! Given that you bulk up your defenses, anyhow..."

"Let me guess. You're conducting a ridiculous experiment upon the people of these isles, and you need me to cheer them up?"

"Let us search the minds of the citizens and see what they think of you. What's that? Some of them think about things other than their Presidente? Is that even possible?"

"Let us speak of growth! For, like a tenacious weed, Tropico must grow! And even weeds have friends – friends of the Earth herself. Their love of the green is a love we can all share."

"Let us speak of the nation's health! More doctors, do I hear? But that is not enough! We need better doctors, working longer hours for less pay!"

"Let us spread the word of communism, and raise your popularity at the same time. Is it not obvious that we should all be comrades? That to work together is what workers do? There is no 'I' in team, but there is an 'I' in communism... and also a 'U'!"

"Let's get down to brass tacks: I need your help with a few inconsequential matters, about which the consequences may very well matter. Remember, happy industrialists mean more tax revenue for you, at least in principle!"

"Let's get to business. I know a group of... freelance distribution experts. They help move product, but before they do, they like to test a sample. If we set this up right, we'll have a trade route all the way to the thirsty USA, and into the hands of my client himself!"

"Let's go Sov-Reigns! Clap clap clapclapclap! *cough cough cough*... oooh, sorry Presidente, sunflower seed went down the wrong way."

"Let's not leave any money on the table, Governor. Where there's pirates there's rum, so cut me in."

"Let's raise a glass to a world crazy for oil, Presidente! We share a vision, you and I. We are resourceful! So let's export like mad."

"Let's say that something goes wrong. Heaven forbid! But we could stealth-build a few extra boats into the scheme of things, just in case? Islands are pretty famous for being surrounded by water, after all... And boats are great attractions, too!"

"Let's see. Canteen sandwich sogginess is within acceptable parameters. Elevator muzak...? Irritation levels are low to adequate. Good! Toilet paper softness – grade 3? Very good! Presidente, if this paperwork is truthful, your chocolate factory is a worker's paradise! And paperwork never lies! The trade route is yours!"

"Let's start!"

"Let's switch SAGI on! Then we need to calibrate. She learns from social media, so I need a spike in internet activity. Break the internet, Presidente! Do something outrageous so everyone tweets about it!"

"Let's talk realpolitik, Presidente – and by that, I mean how we make money before your people rise up and depose you. Or not! But let's be honest, we're both here to fill our Swiss Bank Accounts... and in the best-case scenario, also not get caught. Not that the deals I'll be offering are in any way dubious! It'll usually be obvious just how illegal they are..."

"Let's face facts. Rich people don't protest, which is why bribing people to keep quiet is a stroke of genius. And with that in mind, why not have yourself a blueprint for financial success? Y'know, just in case you need even more money to throw at problems."

"Let’s up our trading game and use the profits to help with your betting efforts. All we have to do is focus on shipping… we have so much to sell, but we need punters to sell it too – and the best place to sell is abroad, where the customer is too far away to send it back!"

"Minimum Budget"

"Low Budget"

"Medium Budget"

"High Budget"

"Maximum Budget"

"Level Up"

"Liberty"

"Liberty Happiness"

"Liberty Emitters"

"Liberty Happiness Modifiers"

"There is a global base liberty which is affected by certain buildings, such as those of newspapers, that affect the liberty nearby. Citizens are affected by local liberty while resting at home and at their workplace."

"The liberty level of the area surrounding a citizen’s home and workplace will affect their liberty happiness every time they work or rest. Citizens with a very low liberty value might secretly decide to become rebels."

"Library"

"Efficiency scales the knowledge generation rate."

"Through the simple expedient of cramming books into a Library, knowledge is somehow magically generated for the benefit of all mankind – but only if you are quiet while inside."

"License to Kill"

"Life at sea is never boring! Except when ship worms bore through the hull..."

"Life goes on! Conserve water for Residential buildings"

"Lifeboats"

"Lifetime Export Volume (Trade Routes)"

"Lifetime Immigrants (College Education)"

"Lifetime Immigrants (Highschool Education)"

"Lifetime Immigrants (Uneducated)"

"Lifetime Cost: "

"Lifetime Tourist Arrivals:"

"Light Blue"

"Light Bulb Ban"

"Light Gray"

"Light Military"

"Light Purple"

"Light Red"

"Increases the consumption of electrical power by {powerconsumptionmod}MW. Increases efficiency by {effmod}. Decreases job quality by {jobmod}."

"Light and Stun-Belt"

"Lightning Rod"

"Like a Tropican-made car, Presidente, it seems your education plans have backfired."

"Like, Presidente, those new cars pump out thick clouds of poison! The sides of the road are lined with dead birdies! I guess that they're all equal in the eyes of the Party, huh? Let's do something for Mother Earth..."

"Like, dude, no! Lawns are nature's cinema! Hillsides are a double feature! From reel to real, Presidente, a garden helps us feel!"

"Like... no way? I mean, I like Dr. Culpepper just fine, but... no way with holy-crap sauce and are-you-crazy sprinkles, Presidente! Please, listen to me, that stuff is super-harsh! If you're gonna mine it, at least make sure you're planning for disposal too. Please?"

"Line Assembly"

"Liquid Melancholy"

"Listen, I admire your moxie, but this island is a dump. You'll need some serious bling if you want me and my fellow One Percenters to come here, so build fancily! Expensively! Excessively! If you bling it, we will come…!"

"Listen, I know you wanna do it Your Way, be King of the Road, meet the Devil Down in Georgia. But there's two roads from here… and I only stay friendly on one of them."

"Listen, Presidente, my friend and I are like peas in a pod. I'm just the bigger pea, the better pea if you will, because I make something. He just exchanges money and hopes for the best. Back my plan, El Presidente."

"Listing"

"Literacy Program"

"Litter Boat"

"Little Eden"

"Live and Let Live"

"Livestock Conditions"

"Higher values improve the efficiency of corresponding ranches. The natural conditions are decreased by the local soil degradation and pollution."

"Llama"

"Llama Drama"

"Llamas"

"Load"

"Load Game"

"Load Savegame"

"Load:"

"Local Beauty"

"Local Crime Safety"

"Local Liberty"

"Local Military Strength"

"Local Pollution"

"Local Services"

"Local Value:"

"Locating the Issue"

"Lock"

"Lock Mouse to Viewport"

"Lock them up, conveniently 'lose' them, feed them to a pack of ill-mannered marsupials – I don't care. Just do whatever it takes to stop them... without stopping them so hard that more people join their blasted cause, I suppose."

"Lock/Fire Minister"

"Locked"

"Logging Camp"

"For years the arrow of progress has pointed to faster, more efficient deforestation of the rare and beautiful Tropican trees. And who can argue with progress?"

"Logs"

"Long Straight"

"Long Waved"

"Look - a boat! It looks so tiny from here, but I doubt even you could lift it."

"Requires an economic wealth level of well-off. Decreases the fee by {feemodpercent}. Service quality is decreased by {servqualmod}. Upkeep is decreased by {upkeepmodpercent}. Job quality is decreased by {jobmod}."

"Look but Do Not Touch"

"Look at that décor – call that a Palace? Really, Presidente, these people clearly have no taste – that must be why they are opposing you!"

"Look at you and your moon holdings! But you know what ya don't got? Tranquility Base. Nobody's been there since '69!"

"Look left. Look right. Statistically every one of those people could be a spy. Be vigilant and report all strange activities – especially from family members!"

"Look – a rebel! I do not like rebels, whether or not they have a cause. Those sci-fi movies made being a rebel seem like fun, but there’s nothing fun about turning against El Presidente."

"Look! A criminal. Though all citizens are morally dubious, this one chose to break the law!"

"Looks like it's the bottom of the ninth, Presidente! Three strikes and you are ooouuutahere!"

"Looks like our elite – and far more importantly – their deep pockets, are gonna stay right where we want 'em."
"Low"

"Mandate Running Out"

"Low Priority"

"Low Spherical Topiary"

"Insufficient Support"

"Small Fun Small Gain"

"A Win is a Win"

"Low-quality residential building for {residences} households. Tenants must be well-off or better. Emits little pollution."

"Low-quality residential building for {residences} households. Tenants must be at least poor. Emits little pollution."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by cultural tourists. Visitors must be at least poor. Decreases crime safety in the area."

"Increases the revenue of all offices and offshore offices by {revenuemod}. Decreases the standing of each Superpower by {standingmod 0}."

"I am gradually learning to live without any permanent property."

"One of my neighbors saw a police officer once… I didn't believe them."

"Yet another mugging…"

"At least we're still free to remain silent…"

"I try not to think for myself."

"This isn't a Republic, it's a gulag!"

"I can't go on like this…"

"I'd say I was miserable, but I'm too depressed."

"I'm too sad to do anything..."

"Life. Don't talk to me about life."

"So despondent... even the rats won't make eye contact."

"I suppose things could be worse, but I'm not sure how…"

"The politicians have failed us!"

"Why have you forsaken us, El Presidente?!"

"Lowering the budget of workplaces decreases the wages of their employees."

"The output is decreased by {sharedprodmod}. While this building is operational, the efficiency of each yacht club and bank is increased by {sharedeffmod} on medium budget. The bonus can be cumulated up to a cap of {sharedcap}."

"Allows the construction of a bomb that keeps superpowers from invading. Can also be used for tests, trading superpower relations for enhanced approval and better standing for the militarist and conservative factions."

"Decreases the efficiency by {effmodpercent} and generates {money} for each inmate per month."

"Lowest"

"Lowest Happiness = {happinessType}"

"Lowlands"

"Lumber Mill"

"Touted as a cure for excess fingers, the Lumber Mill is also an effective means of turning cumbersome logs into sleek, nail-loving planks."

"Planks!"

"Lumbering Onward"

"Lure Fishes"

"Tourists arriving at this airport are filthy-rich. Upkeep is increased by {upkeepmodpercent}. The passenger capacity is reduced by {passengermod}."

"Luxury Airliner"

"Luxury Entertainment"

"Luxury Goods"

"Luxury Hotel"

"Luxury means gratuitous, and gratuitous gratuities are the cornerstone of the hotel staff's personal profits. Competition for positions in the best Tropican hotels is cutthroat."

"Best quality accommodations with {residences} rooms. Guests must be filthy-rich."

"Luxury Hotel near Embassy"

"Luxury Liner"

"Luxury Outlets"

"Luxury Tourists"

"M"

"Delays all freighters of the target player by 3 months for 24 months upon completion."

"Explore the full range of building upgrades."

"Modernize residential and production buildings."

"Optimize traffic with new transportation options."

"Explore ecologically friendly alternatives to pollution-heavy industries and power sources."

"Balance the constant pressure coming from the eight factions."

"Play the diplomatic game with five superpowers trying to exploit Tropico."

"Use hackers to fake tourist ratings or tweak trade route conditions."

"Machine Choppers"

"Real Machine Gun"

"Machines Galore!"

"Mafia"

"Main Island"

"Main Menu"

"Main Quest"

"Make It Rain"

"Make It Reign"

"Make Your Own Entertainment"

"Make a Shady Deal with"

"Make a fortune with tourism or oil production – or a smart mix of both – while handling the conflict of Environmentalists and Industrialists."

"Make an Example"

"Make an Example of"

"Make an example of a Rebel Leader"

"Make extensive use of raids to keep your economy running."

"Make polite excuses and let the Axis stay."

"Make sure you have enough teamsters to transport your goods."

"Make {power} leave the embassy"

"Making money is good, but you know what is better? Making more money!"

"Making stuff is good, isn't it… that's why they call them 'goods', because it's good to sell things."


"Mandate Extension"

"Mandatory Supportive"

"Mandatory Waste Sorting"

"Mandatory topics like this one change the way the game works. The Ecology topic requires you to make a tradeoff between industrial efficiency and pollution."

"Manifest confirmed to include… seven thousand three hundred tons of girders, check, two million five hundred thousand rivets, check, twenty thousand light bulbs, check, sixty croque monsieurs, check. The last one is not needed for construction, it is just my favorite."

"Manipulated market to get more trade routes."

"Manipulative"

"Mansion"

"Mansions are big, impractical, and hard to keep clean, therefore providing the perfect way to display the owner's wealth and lack of taste."

"Manure Fertilizer"

"Many"

"Many Hands"

"Many tourism related buildings get a bonus to their efficiency when placed in areas with a high beauty value. Decoration objects can increase the beauty in their vicinity."

"Map"

"Map Editor"

"Map Name:"

"Map Type:"

"Mount Kraken, a cursed volcano and rich in gold, is the center of this story of intrigue with the Axis. As disaster looms, they demand their share, while El Presidente also has to deal with a saboteur disguised as a penguin."

"El Presidente seeks to have his very own baseball team as it may have been the national sport of Tropico – or it may not. Since the USA probably has the best baseball team in the world, he tries to bring them to Tropico for a game… and their players for good."

"The greatest battle El Presidente probably ever had to face: Lord Wyndham's relentless pursuit of the Alabaster Beluga plunges Tropico into a struggle that could last a century and demands every cunning gambit of El Presidente!"

"History books may not recall this, but this story is about a time when Tropico Communists struggled against the global communists for purity of political vision and the creation of the reddest Tropico."

"Determining policy and optimizing the sick city by using bleeding-edge thinking machines to monitor social media. A keen attempt to perfect democracy... or just have everybody dance to edict-spamming algorithms. In any case, El Presidente had to ensure there was enough to tweet about…"

"What started as a race for a golden ticket to Wizard Wonkmeister's chocolate factory turned into the adventure of Tropico's rise to become a sugary paradise and the world-leading confectionary exporter – providing chocolate with <q>special ingredients<q> to everyone around the world!"

"A tropical paradise, assumed to be sinking and unusable, turned into a flourishing archipelago thanks to El Presidente's ingenious idea of mixing oil and tourism. Although exploiting miles of pristine beachfront, Sunny Flowers wants support for her seal-saving endeavor."

"The First World Fair on Tropico! What a time, when El Presidente has made Tropico shine like the moon herself, to lure the richest of the rich to his island and win a series of challenging bets to own the moon."

"The very first joint adventure of El Presidente and his loyal aide, Penultimo. The story tells of how they met, a murder conspiracy, and Penultimo's masterful plan to fund their way to independence by smuggling <q>goldnuts<q>."

"Discover the secret but barren island of El Presidente's most audacious adventure. Aided by young buccaneering bibliophile Rodrigo Rodriguez and Penultimo's pioneering pirate stories, he sets out raiding and looting the Seven Seas to turn this arid speck of land into a prosperous pirate kingdom. Arrr!"

"According to Tropican superstition, when the Mayan calendar comes to an end, great changes can come about. So, an archipelago with islands scattered across the sea like a constellation seemed the perfect place and opportunity to become <q>Presidente for Life<q>."

"Challenged by another dictator, El Presidente and Penultimo set out to conduct an unparalleled experiment in equality: a culture without houses!"

"Speakeasy tells the thrilling crime story of smuggling rum for the Broker during times of prohibition and dealing with master criminals, while the Allies want El Presidente to set up a system of crime and punishment and catch their public enemy number one: The Kingpin."

"With tons of weapons to sell but nobody to sell them to, the Broker convinces El Presidente to insult and start wars with modern superpowers to cash in on arms sales… if Tropico successfully withstands their potential – or much more likely – retaliation strikes."

"Tropicoland! El Presidente is devoted to realizing his fondest dream of an extraordinary theme park, and the Intellectuals have just the idea to create the needed PR buzz: tourists will love their Jurassic creations! If they succeed…"

"Mar"

"March"

"Marco Moreno"

"Market Manipulation"

"Market Manipulation (Export)"

"Market Manipulation (Import)"

"Darknet"

"Marriage Rights"

"Constitution topic. Allows you to decide on whether Tropican citizens are allowed to have same sex marriages or whether everyone is forced into marriage."

"Martial Law"

"Martial law has been a tremendous success, Presidente! Polls reveal that nine out of ten people threatened prefer these circumstances!"

"Mass Debating"

"Master Volume"

"Master the challenges of each era drawing on best practices from missions accomplished."

"Mausoleum"

"Build a Mausoleum so everyone can see you are so important that a mere hole in the ground just won't do for burial. If you gotta go, go in style!"

"Maximize your popularity when the Mayan calendar ends to be voted Presidente For Life."

"Maximum Exploitation"

"Maximum exploitation has ended."

"Maximum relations modifier:"

"May"

"May I introduce myself, Governor? I am Captain Rodriguez, a soldier in your service. But I have a new calling!"

"May the Best Win"

"Increases the fee by {feemodpercent}. Wage is increased by {wagemod}. Upkeep is increased by {upkeepmod}. Every visitor has a chance of {vandalizeChance} to damage the building for {structureDamage} points after their visit."

"May We All Win"

"Mayan Manipulation"

"Maybe Later, I am not ready yet"

"McMansions"

"Me"

"Me and the penguin share a respect for tradition, Presidente. What we disagree on is where to spend the money. I'm thinking we need to preserve the sanctity of these islands, you know? Security!"

"Me, I've been building stuff for years! Well, paying for stuff to be built. Well, okay, borrowing money to pay for stuff to be built. Turns out that if you borrow enough, you don't have to pay it back!"

"Meager Mementos"

"Meanwhile, the rich of the Middle East lord their wealth over us! But these crude hostilities simply fuel our thirst for financial freedom! We will resist oil pressure!"

"Meanwhile, the worldwide TAO is still at an all-time low, and a squirrel-themed park could provide the novelty we need to attract tourists. We're planning four season-themed habitats; Squirrel Meadow, Squirrel Beach, Squirrel Forest and Squirrel Mountain. I hope you like it – the brochure is at the printers!"

"Meat"

"Mechanical Milker"

"Mechanization"

"Medal of Awesome"

"Media"

"Media & Education"

"Media Buildings: Newspaper, Radio Station, TV Station"

"Media Independence"

"Constitution Topic. Allows you to strengthen the propaganda effects from media buildings or to allow them to earn more money."

"Increases liberty nearby. Publishes propaganda affecting citizens living nearby."

"Increases the liberty in the area. Broadcasts propaganda affecting workers at their workplaces."

"Medium"

"Drones will liquidate discovered Crime Lords, Rebel Leaders, Foreign Spies, Criminals, and Rebels."

"Medium Priority Targets Included"

"Meet the Broker"

"Men at Work"

"I shall return the item and lose the mission. That seems like a good idea!"

"No! I shall never kowtow to a worm like Wyndham!"

"El Presidente Encounter"

"That presence...it's so...intimidating."

"This must be the stranger my parents always warn me about."

"Don't run away. Don't run. OK, screw it – RUN!"

"El chupacabra is real!"

"What a horrible person. Just as I expected."

"Is that the Tropican mascot? It's ugly and smells like socks."

"Ugh, I am so tired of acting polite."

"Next time I'll kick your shin!"

"It's not every day you meet the President of a banana republic!"

"Wow, the Tropican President! So much nicer than the media suggests!"

"I hope no-one realizes I don't know who that was…"

"So that was 'El Presidente?' I thought that was the name of a restaurant!"

"I must admit, I was expecting someone taller…"

"What an honor! I will not forget this day!"

"I've seen that face on the coins! Wow!"

"Everyone seemed to know who that was. A movie star, maybe?"

"The Governor… I hope I made a good impression!"

"That person dresses way too fancy for our colony."

"Meteor Shower"

"Reaction to Meteor shower"

"Meteorite"

"Meteoroid Shower"

"Metro Station"

"Efficiency scales the housing quality bonus to nearby residential and tourist accommodation buildings."

"Every Metro Station offers commuters the opportunity to stand so close they can examine each other's ear hair and smell their armpits, all while trapped underground in a metal cylinder."

"Mexico"

"Center"

"Front Yard"

"Back Yard"

"Middle East"

"I need entertainment, and I have realized that you are more than happy to fulfill my capricious whims. This stems from your lack of nearly infinite resources, yes? I guess this is something I will never know anything about!"

"Though you perfectly performed the favor for which I asked, I simply do not feel the sweep of history...! I wish to live like my ancestors, feeling the winds of time upon my face...! Ah, ignore me, I am bored."

"I myself continue to cast about for sensation. Life must have a purpose, Presidente, but what could it be? Perhaps the answer lies in keeping busy. Will you join me in a small task?"

"But I am bored! The money, the cars, the women... mere diversions. Let us enter into an ill-advised business deal together, with ramifications that will pit our families against one another for generations!"

"Anyway, you are a good friend! You accomplished my task with a verge I can only dream of, and so I shall honor our agreement. Can you break a billion dinar note?"

"Do not be intimidated by my vast fortune, Presidente, my servants still put my pants on one leg at a time."

"You did as I asked, yet I am not as thrilled as I'd hoped. I might still be able to raise an eyebrow with my servants' help."

"Ah, my friend, Presidente – the great leader! How go your ambitions? Not stymied, I hope."

"It is such a burden being the heir to an unimaginable fortune… you cannot imagine the lack of pressure!"

"Presidente! You are a good friend, but my ennui is unabated. Do not blame yourself!"

"Can you imagine how it feels to be me, Presidente? My country owns large amounts of the most important resource in the world! I control transport, electricity, and plastics! So, I am very easy to be friends with, because you all need just what I have. I am generous, because I can afford to be – and I like my friends to be generous in return!"

"It is good to meet you, Presidente. I am Prince Thari. I was the world's richest toddler, you know, and the world's richest child. Then I was the world's richest teenager – so embarrassing! Now I am a man, but I am unable to put away childish things. Tell me, do you ever feel melancholy?"

"Militarist"

"Militarist Minister of Defense"

"Militarist Minister of Education"

"Militarist Minister of Foreign Affairs"

"Militarist Demand"

"War! What is it good for? All sorts of things, actually! It drives the wheels of progress – big, spiky wheels that crush! Economies and technologies benefit greatly! And the people of different nations learn more about one another, inside and out. War brings out our best... as long as we are prepared for it."

"Just what we need, soldiers getting pushy."

"When the smoke has cleared Tropico will emerge stronger than before."

"A strong country needs an army with more equipment than they know how to use."

"Our army's uniform is so dashing!"

"Our military isn't strong enough… it never can be!"

"The best defense is a strong offense."

"We don't take good enough care of our veterans…"

"Do not fear the sanctity of your borders, Presidente, for I, General Rodrigo Rodriguez, lead your army! The very model of a modern armchair general, my lack of direct wartime experience gives me the edge, as my stratagems are completely unadulterated by any knowledge of past battles! I can therefore guarantee that the enemy will be surprised!"

"Militarists"

"Militarists Candidate"

"Militarists: Coup"

"Discipline, uniformity and strength are the pillars of the militarists' creed."

"They dislike buildings and governmental tools that in their opinion weaken Tropico by putting too much focus on <q>unimportant<q> topics like education, welfare, or the environment."

"They like governmental tools that strengthen the government and improve security, even at the cost of liberty, in addition to buildings that contribute to military strength."

"Raids & Military"

"Military"

"The only way we could possibly defend against a danger this mysterious is to fortify! We must be vigilant against those enemies we can neither see nor adequately justify!"

"It is obvious that military expenditure must come first. Food and education are luxuries, after all – and well fed, educated citizens are exactly what the enemy wants!"

"This has nothing to do with your leadership – or mine, for that matter! Our army is simply not offensive enough to go on the defensive – no offense intended."

"I awoke to find I had knocked my night light off its little table. But that is not the point. Help me help Tropico, Presidente, or I may never sleep again!"

"We can do it together! Superiority of numbers is the key to warfare, after all. So, should we use force multiplication to divide and conquer before it's T-minus-zero?"

"Military Education"

"Do not panic, Presidente! But I bring news of a threat so unthinkable, I cannot even tell you what it is!"

"I had the nightmare again, Presidente! No, not the penguins, the destruction of Tropico by falling bombs!"

"Presidente, there is a flaw in our military machine! We do not have enough of the things that I want!"

"Presidente, your aid is appreciated! With your help, we'll double our armed forces, redouble our efforts, and halve our expectations!"

"The best defense is a good offense, Presidente – but as yet I am only moderately offensive."

"Military Police"

"Military Strength"

"Military Strength Overlay"

"Military Strength:"

"Military and governmental buildings can reduce the liberty in their vicinity. Build media buildings to spread liberty around where Tropicans live and work to increase the liberty happiness. Their budgets usually scale the effect they have on liberty."

"Military coup has ended."

"Buildings that deploy troops or can attack hostile troops increase the military strength nearby. Attackers will try to attack where your military power is the weakest."

"Militia"

"It is the Sovereign Duty of the Nation to provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions; and this being so, no Soldier shall be prevented from serving Tropico through lack of possession of any specific certificate of Education."

"Milk"

"Mine"

"Have Mine ({MineType})"

"Have Mine ({minetype}) with the {workmodename} work mode"

"Smart leaders exploit up and down as well as around. There's wealth in the ground that has to be somebody's – as the word 'Mine' suggests."

"Minerals"

"Mini Bars"

"Miniature Gladiators"

"Minimal Maintenance"

"All Mineral Resources"

"Mining gold under an active volcano, supervised by the Axis…? What a thoroughly safe situation you have arranged, Presidente!"

"Minister Compensation"

"Minister choice"

"Minister of Economy"

"Minister of Education"

"Minister of Foreign Affairs"

"Ministry"

"With a shiny new Ministry, you can invent arbitrary bureaucratic divisions, appoint cronies to watch over them, and micro-manage every aspect of your citizens' lives in the name of 'democracy'!"

"Ministry of Information"

"Efficiency scales the chance of other buildings to detect hidden roles."

"Information is good, yes? And ministries are helpful, yes? So what could possibly be nefarious about building a Ministry of Information? It even comes with a free set of tools for 'enhanced interrogation'."

"Ministry and Departments"

"Ministry of Information not operational."

"Ministry of Information needed."

"Recommended by the Broker"

"Recommended by the Capitalists Faction"

"Recommended by the Conservatives Faction"

"Recommended by the Industrialists Faction"

"Recommended by the Environmentalists Faction"

"Recommended by the Communists Faction"

"Recommended by the Militarists Faction"

"Recommended by the Religious Faction"

"Recommended by the Intellectuals Faction"

"Miscellaneous"

"Miscellaneous Modifiers"

"Wealthy Appetite"

"I'm sorry that my crack team of super-brains came up short on that dinosaur theme park job, Presidente. But I think plan B went pretty well, all things considered! At least those tourists got a vacation they'll never forget, and at a very reasonable price (when you factor in the compensation)!<cf><cf>Elena Culpepper"

"Well, wasn't that exciting! Gold, volcanoes, Axis soldiers and a deadly curse are all in a day's work for a Sister of the Order of the Howling Skull, Presidente... but how did you fare? Let's hope nobody got away with the treasure of the Izca, though – they say it has mysterious powers...!<cf><cf>Sister Francesca"

"What’s up, Presidente dude! Not working too hard as Presidente For Life I hope! I, your loyal Penultimo, am attempting my first holiday in twenty-seven years, but I am bored, dude. Nothing can match the political thrills of the ultimate referendum! How you met the populist needs of people with entirely opposing desires was beyond my most absurd political dreams!<cf><cf>Penultimo out *mic drop*"

"We built this city, Presidente! We built this city on rock! Plus other foundational materials. But Nuevo Viejo owes its prosperity to you. We've seen conclusive proof that those eggheads with their artificially intelligent computer gizmos can't rule as well as you can! And we survived the experience!<cf><cf>Hector Delgado"

"Oh, Presidente, your First World Fair was a huge success! It was so relaxing to be only marginally the richest person on the island. And I believe your own prospects improved, too? Did you manage to win all of the moon deeds? Presidente, do you now own the moon? <cf><cf>Prince Thari"

"I only ever had one dream – to obtain the Alabaster Beluga. You could have helped... but instead we feuded. In the colonies, through the world wars, into the cold war, and beyond! You are the finest enemy a man could hope for, Presidente... and the worst human being I have ever met.<cf><cf>Lord Roger Wyndham"

"Hiya, Presidente, it's Sunny! Everything's great here! Sure, things were rocky before you had your inspired vision of combining oil drilling with tourism, but now that Hexxon International is under control from, like, an ecological point of view, it's kind of perfect! Presidente, you're one of a kind!<cf><cf>Sunny Flowers"

"My dearest Presidente, I can't thank you enough for your help capturing that arch-criminal chap. What a ripping story I have for the grandchildren! It's a shame that your lovely islands exploded in an orgy of criminality before we bagged the rotter, but at least that's your problem, not mine. Cheerio!<cf><cf>Wynton Marlborough"

"El Presidente! It is I, your Pirata de la Tierra! Piracy has dropped off a little since you left, but we salty dogs still splice what mainbraces we can - lubbers beware! Arrrr! With the islands so barren, I don't know how we would have survived without your nautical leadership!<cf><cf>Rodrigo Rodriguez"

"Hey there, world leader in confectionery exports! Pres, this whole chocolate factory experience has been a blast! Not only did we make a whole heap of cash, but we managed to ruin the dreams of millions of children while we did it! It's a twofer, Presidente!<cf><cf>Mason Belmonte"

"Hey, Presidente, buddy... are you guys any closer to finding out what happened to my baseball team? I mean, the Tropico Series? Cool concept! It might've been even cooler if you guys could play. But no harm, no foul... so now I'd like my costly players back before they're missed, okay?<cf><cf>Raymond King"

"Spasibo, Presidente. Only you and I know that you are the greatest hero the world has ever seen. In a world dominated by Communism, your propaganda skills were most persuasive, and your mutuality was the reddest of all. I will keep your secret to my dying breath. Nostrovia!<cf><cf>Nadia Kuznetsov"

"I woke up this morning on a great big pile of cash, Presidente, and it made me think of you. The way you antagonized all those superpowers? So I could sell guns to them to attack you with? Boy, do we ever deserve to be rich! Presidente – you rule!<cf><cf>The Broker"

"Mission Accomplished"

"Raid Aborted: {raidName}"

"Mission Focus:"

"Mission Goal"

"Mission Outline"



"Population growth"

"Criminals and Swiss bank money"

"Warfare"

"Tourism and research"

"Lead Tropico to glory and prosperity."

"Conspire with the Revolutionaries to find a secret way of proclaiming independence from the Crown."

"Missions"

"Mixed"

"Mmm, yes, when people are all squashed together on a tiny island, it's best to give them guns. Meanwhile, the churches are full. I need a cathedral, Presidente!"

"Mmm, you made the logical choice, Presidente! Future-farming increases efficiency by an incredible zero point zero one percent!"

"Mmmm hm! Yes, I understand, Presidente. You've a city to govern, you'd prefer to play golf, and you'd like some hi-tech help."

"Moai Better Blues"

"Moai heads arrive in Tropico to rapturous applause! A craze is expected as Polynesian meets polystyrene in the form of Moai masks!"

"Muammar Gaddafi claimed he washed his hands in deer's blood, which he thought was sexy. He also was very into male beauty and had plastic surgery in 1994."

"Muammar Gaddafi once petitioned the U.N. to dissolve Switzerland and split the land between Germany, France, and Italy, which was probably an indication that he was about to ban the Swiss from his country."

"Muammar Gaddafi, in love with tradition yet terrified of drive-by shootings, had a bulletproof tent during his political travels. In this bizarre merger of high-tech and ancient tradition, he would often keep two camels tethered outside his tent."

"Mobile phones. Modern miracle, public nuisance, or a cause of cancer? Let Canal Uno know your opinion – call in now!"

"Mobster Lobsters"

"Mobutu, the president of Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo), made a law saying that TV in Zaire cannot mention anybody but him by name. He also commanded that all evening news begin with a scene of him descending from the heavens."

"Model Quality"

"Moderate"

"Modern Apartment"

"Simply by advertising 'all the mod cons', the concrete and steel monstrosity that is the Modern Apartment block commands monthly rents far beyond any notion of sanity."

"High-quality residential building for {residences} households. Tenants must be well-off or better. Emits little pollution."

"Modern Business"

"Modern Diagnostics"

"Modern Mansion"

"Through the application of cutting-edge building techniques, you can make an impressive-looking tacky Modern Mansion perfect for nouveau riche vulgarian upstarts with more money than taste."

"Best-quality residential building for {residences} households. Tenants must be rich or better. Emits little pollution."

"Increases the fee by {feemod}. Increases the upkeep by {upkeepmod}. Children are not allowed to visit."

"Modern Masterpieces"

"Modern Times"

"Modernization! Why, it's just another word for ripping open the lazy bosom of Mother Nature and helping ourselves to all her most profitable organs."

"Modernize"

"Upgrade this building into a Hydroponic Plantation."

"Upgrade this building into an automated mine."

"Upgrade this building into a watchtower."

"Upgrade this building into a House."

"Upgrade this building into a Modern Mansion."

"Modernize All"

"Modernize {BuildingName}"

"Modernized Weaponry"

"Modify Building Stocks"

"{value} Personal Experience for each eligible voter"

"Increases structure points by {structurePoints}. Adds {workers} job positions. Increases damage by {addedMinDamage} to {addedMaxDamage}."

"Modify {happiness} of Agents by {value}"

"Mohawk"

"Money"

"Money makes people happy, right? And happy people vote how you tell them. They also work harder to make more money – then spend it on crap they don't need! Your popularity – and my profit – is guaranteed! It's science! Or at least the closest thing to science that I understand..."

"Money on Trees"

"Revenue Per Relation Point Lost:"

"Money? What money?"

"Mongol Invasion!"

"Mono Culture"

"Monocle"

"Monsooner or Later"

"Monthly Income"

"Monthly Cost:"

"Monthly Relation Decrease:"

"Moon Deeds"

"More Hands"

"More Light"

"Alcatrazzle Dazzle"

"Manpower"

"More Where That Came From"

"More knowledge hasn't helped – the computer is running amok! This isn't an improvement over normal politics... although, honestly, it's not that much worse..."

"More to the point, old chum, a lot of those trees look like palm trees to me. You should chop them all down before they make those ghastly coconuts! Chop chop!"

"Moscow Mule"

"Most Promising"

"Most beloved Presidente! Do you remember Tropico? Emerald palm trees, platinum beaches and crystalline seas – from which the sun reflects like the twinkling of jewels and golden coins..."


"Move the cursor to any position on the map to get the local overlay value."

"Continuously transports passengers via cable cars between two stations. "

"Movie Theater"

"Movies are more exciting for Tropicans thanks to the cut-price projectors. Nothing adds to the excitement of a cinematic climax like a bubbling celluloid film break! Will the projectionist repair the print in time?!"

"Movie Theater near Embassy"

"Moving with squad"

"Ms. Flowers complains about the mess we've made of the landscape, but there's nothing more beautiful than a strong supply chain – especially one that flushes the restrooms of profit! Besides, we shall be hosting industrial royalty… we should dress the nation appropriately."

"Requires an economic wealth level of filthy-rich. Increases the fee by {feemodpercent}. Service quality is increased by {servqualmod}. Upkeep is increased by {upkeepmodpercent}. Wages are increased by {wagemodpercent}."

"Mucho Importante"

"Multi Culture"

"Service Mentality"

"Multiplayer"

"Multiplayer Maps"

"Museum of Modern Art"

"Warhol visited Tropico in the 60s, then left with indigestion. This has little to do with art, but many contend that Tropican painting has little to do with art, either."

"Museum of Modern Art near Embassy"

"Music All Day"

"Music Volume"

"Must be placed on a beach reaching onto water"

"Must be placed on land"

"Must be placed on water"

"My Governor, the people are filled with bile! Their hate of the Crown is making them sick! Or perhaps it is the rum."

"My Tropicans, my people, my... children. Your prosperity is my honor! Your solidarity is my faith! And I gracefully accept your love. You are my Tropico!"

"My blood rival, Proximo of Santo Tonto, has sent another letter. As I read, his voice echoes in my head as if by some accursed expositional technique!"

"My churches are full of people. Haha, yes, what an unprecedented success, well done your house-banning excellency."

"My client has a strong interest in rum, Presidente. Or an interest in strong rum... either way, you've the means to make the product."

"My equality calculations come up short when I carry the one, Presidente, so I don't think we can carry the many. Besides, if we're propelling stones at multiple birds, it's definitely speculative, dangerous, and wholly unnecessary science you need!"

"My first instinct was to blow Hexxon up, Presidente. Then I calmed down. Then I realized what an excellent plan it is!"

"My first thought was that we should simply buy and sell things between ourselves until we're both mysteriously richer, because that seems to work. But we did that yesterday, so I had a better idea!"

"My freelance distribution experts have done their jobs. We've a direct line to our market... apart from the greedy middlemen, of course!"

"My friend, the First Lady of the United States of America, simply adores seals. I hear she has her own seal team! She also has a bevy of do-gooders ready to fly out here to help, but they need somewhere to stay. Could you build me some cabins, please?"

"My friends and I mean business, but you still disrespect us? I am my reputation, and that should be enough for you!"

"My friends! My people! Welcome to a golden age of prosperity for every living Tropican! It was your trust that made it possible – your trust in me, El Presidente!"

"My friends, you are the dedicated ones, for whom no hardship is too great! True Tropicans! Your tribulations shall be rewarded... with just a little more effort!"

"My granpappy used to say, <q>you can't make lemonade without a plantation and a good supply of migrant workers.<q> A simple man from simpler times – but he had a point, and a gun, and so do you, Presidente! Let's squeeze some lemons!"

"My greed-engorged friend must agree, Presidente, that wants and needs are two different things. My socialist narrative creates society-wide satisfaction by helping the rich to help the poor!"

"My love of my people is my shield and my sword! Rebels? Ptui! To rebel against El Presidente is to rebel against love itself! And you saw where that got them."

"My loyal friends in the Kremlin are saying nasty things about you… don't worry. This situation rarely lasts long."

"My memory is uncertain. Did little people dance and sing? Or did we take a boat ride upon a river of confusion?"

"My people! The political stars are aligned! I present myself as your prospective Presidente For Life! For am I not the smartest Presidente? The best looking Presidente? The humblest Presidente? Yes. I am. "

"My people, are you bored? Let Presidente entertain you! Is nothing fun anymore? Let Presidente be all the fun you need! You don't enjoy life? Let Presidente enjoy it for you!"

"My people, do not talk of the so-called Western Powers! They are paranoid fools who accuse others of spying. Their own spies shall retreat with red faces!"

"My promises are made humbly, for I am Tropico! Remember, a vote for El Presidente is a vote for me!"

"My request requires discretion. While imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, my country has a surplus of electrical goods of a low quality. We wish to be rid of them. And your people are less discerning than mine. Perhaps you have the means to ensure they sell for a price unrelated to their value?"

"My team are all moved in! I call us the Seal Club. Our cabins are neato, Presidente; leaving out the baths was an especially thoughtful touch!"

"My uncles say I must punish you. I suppose that might be entertaining…"

"My word, this island certainly has a volcano problem. God's plan for global central heating wasn't one of His best..."

"My, my, such a wonderful time we've had appropriating natural resources! Our children will definitely thank us for not wasting anything valuable."

"Monumental Leadership"

"Request for Non-Aggression Pact"

"Nadia Kuznetsov"

"Limit Refugee Admittance"

"Name"

"Name your save"

"National Bank"

"National Day"

"Increases the efficiency of all taverns and cocktail bars by {effmod}. Decreases crime safety by {crimemod}. Decreases religious standing by {factionmod 0}."

"Native Tropicans"

"Natural Cause"

"Naughty, Naughty!"

"The Mountain and the Gold is Ours"

"Near"

"Audio Guide"

"Need some help, Presidente? If you want that Golden Coupon you'll need as many Wonkmeister bars as you can get your hands on."

"Needs to be placed on a deposit: {resource}"

"Needs to be placed on a fishing ground"

"Needs to be placed on an oil deposit"

"Needs upgrade {upgradeName}"

"Negotiate"

"Neighbours!"

"Nein! NEIN! I shall not be trifled with, and I shall not be ignored! Presidente, you sow the wind to reap the whirlwind! Ich bin der Sturm!"

"Nein! The glorious Axis cannot have lost! There is clearly some mistake!"

"Neon Green"

"Netherlands"

"Network"

"Network #{gridnumber}"

"Network Balance"

"Heist: Neuschwanstein Castle"

"Neuschwanstein Castle"

"Built by Mad King Ludwig of Bavaria, this castle was influential to certain American animated film producers, and is rumored to have inspired the classic game 'Neuschwanstein 3D'."

"Tourist vacation time and tourist fees are increased. Tourists stay longer. Increases all tourist ratings. Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"Neuschwanstein has touched down! Of course, re-entry broke it into tiny pieces, but we've weighed it and everything is still there."

"Neutral"

"Never Trust Fire"

"Decreases the chance of buildings in the vicinity ({BuildingRange}-tile radius) to catch fire by {peMod}."

"Never mind that, though. Whatever goes on in that little Palace of yours – none of my business. Do what you're told and we'll stay friends, what? And as it happens I need some goods.<cf><cf>The empire doesn't thrive on good manners alone, you know! Leather, this time, I think."

"Never."

"New Deal"

"New Demand"

"New Game"

"New Genetically Modified crops are a smash hit in the neighboring islands of the Pobreza Republic – farmers say 'we love paying for seed grain every year!'"

"New Grounds"

"Build Mine ({MineType})"

"New Offers in {0} Months"

"Build Plantation ({CropType})"

"New Quest"

"New Raid available in raid screen for Pirate Cove when the building is built!"

"Build Ranch ({RanchType})"

"New Setback"

"New Task"


"Next Era"

"Next Level"

"Next Tab"

"Next arrival time: "

"Tourists, Presidente! Unlike our citizens, they pay you money for everything and disappear without any ‘reasonable and proportionate’ secret police intervention."

"Nice boats you got there, pal. Not as big as mine, but then, mine doesn't technically float. It just sits on the seabed, it's that big."

"Nice hotel, Presidente. I've seen taller. Heck, I've seen better all round. But that's not bad for a beginner."

"Nice one, Pres, you sure can sell chocolate! Even grubby chocolate made in the least hygienic place in the world..."

"Nice to meet you. I guess."

"Nice work, Presidente. Now let's discuss the Tropico Series! It's an opportunity to demonstrate our baseball legacy to the entire world!"

"Nickel"

"Night Club"

"There's nowhere better to meet new people than Tropican Night Clubs, where it's too dark to see them properly and too loud to hear anything they say."

"Night Club near Embassy"

"No"

"No Accessory"

"None"

"Children are not allowed to visit the building. Increases service quality by {servqualmod}."

"No Children!"

"Unnecessary Evils"

"No Coupon, No Cry"

"No Description"

"No Dress Code"

"No Evacuation"

"No free Lunch"

"No Glasses"

"No Green-Fee"

"Bald"

"No Man is an Island"

"No Name"

"No Overlay"

"No Separation"

"There being no Merit of Distinction between the Citizens of Tropico and the Government of the Nation, it is hereby decreed that all Restraints and Barriers that hinder the Free Expression of Government upon its People shall be Abolished and Nullified."

"No Team"

"Legroom"

"No access to this location"

"No bridge connection"

"No busstop connection"

"No corresponding resource deposit"

"No corresponding resource in vicinity "

"No electricity"

"No fitting slope"

"No gameplay effect."

"No headdress"

"No income"

"No lobby found"

"No more Coconut Trees!"

"No more Trees to fell!"

"No more charges"

"No more immigrants are coming – Tropico is too crowded!"

"No network"

"No residential buildings can be built (due to the equality competition with Santo Tonto)."

"Must be placed on a road"

"No road connection"

"No road to connect to"

"There is no role detection. The building does not increase crime safety. You earn {toll} for every car passing the checkpoint."

"No treaty"

"No tropicans with wealth level {wealthLevel} or higher"

"No use to export Oil with those price tags!"

"No way, Presidente – Mother Earth's your total priority! Once you've saved the planet, then you can help us humans. We're just a small, indistinct doodle in a much bigger picture!"

"No word yet from the Palace on how El Presidente ended the volcanic eruptions, but 'fist fight with giant lava monster' is hotly tipped."

"No, allow the citizens to vote freely"

"No, I'm sure it is not betrayal. I'm sure you have your reasons. But the Eastern Bloc is not really interested in reasons. Or acting reasonably. So you might wish to reconsider…"

"No, of course I'm not threatening to invade you. And anyway, it'd be just as effective to put our giant fleet of ships in your waters, or cut off your trade. Choices, choices!"

"No, there's no need for second thoughts, everything is completely above board. I just need to radio into my contact before the hour is up to avoid any… unpleasantness."

"Tourists arriving at this airport are well-off. Upkeep is decreased by {upkeepmodpercent}."

"No-Frill Airliner"

"No_Text_Setg"

"Nobody"

"Nobody doubted that you would succeed, Presidente, least of all your loyal Penultimo, but seeing you scale the dizzy heights of this accomplishment is enough to make me swoon. If only this were a game, I would wish for some kind of 'endless mode' so that you could go on and on forever, but alas, this is merely real life…"

"Non Superpower trade route"

"Non-Aggression Pact"

"Non-Superpower"

"No one"

"Nonetheless – the time has come. The Mayan calendar has reached its end. Your referendum campaign is in full effect. If we are to make you Presidente For Life, it is now or never. We must hope you have done enough to win the hearts, minds, and votes of your people!"

"Nonflammable"

"Nor do I like that you may someday no longer rule. What madness! But the Mayan calendar is soon to end. It is prophesied that the stars shall align and, for one day, all people shall agree! We will hold a referendum on that day — when all shall agree that you must be Presidente For Life!"

"Normal"


"Not Constructed"

"Not Eligible Voters"

"Not Now"

"Not Working"

"Not affected {BuildingsOfCategory} by {BuildingName} "

"Not an Inkling"

"Not authorized."

"Not available for teammates"

"Not available in Beta."

"Not available in Multiplayer"

"Not connected to road"

"Not enough Trade Licences"

"Not enough funds"

"Not enough Knowledge"

"Not enough money"

"Not every nation is Tropico's friend, Pres, not like I'm your friend..."

"Not fulfilled: {condition}"

"Not only did we complete the mission – arrrr! – we found some swanky la-de-dah ships and plundered 'til every knave was loaded to the rafters with swag. In other words, it went quite well!"

"Cannot be placed on foreign claims"

"Not that I'm saying I want someone killed, of course (it might not come to that), but let's just say there was someone that someone else wanted to go away (in a perfectly legit manner, naturally), and let's just say they might be grateful for some perfectly legitimate assistance..."

"Not today, thank you – deny refugees access"

"Not within the designated area"

"Nothing"

"Mandatory Siesta"

"Nothing Selected"

"Nothing to Fear Except…"

"Nothing can spoil our paradisiacal Communist utopia! Praise be to Comrade Marx! We shall all live happily ever after, for the dream is within our reach – a new, better party, with cake and ice cream for all!"

"Nothing in particular"

"Nothing raises property values like a golf course – it's white gold, but not in a racist way. Well, maybe a little bit."

"Nothing says 'security' like a well-funded army, Presidente – the borders are safe, the nation is safe, and most importantly, you are safe... So, invest in the army!"

"Nov"

"November"

"Now I don't want to alarm you, but I'm going to need a rather prompt decision on these offers..."

"Now I know you are a smart leader who likes power and freedom, at least for yourself. You needn't worry about the Kremlin, anyway. You should worry about angering me."

"Now I know you don't want to lose any of the power you have, Presidente – you've worked so hard to get what you so clearly deserve. But you have so much power, I was wondering if you might spare a little cup of power for your neighbors who would like a slight change to the law…"

"Now I think about it, though, you could gain a little goodwill if you were willing to splash a little cash on a present for Mother Earth. You reap what you sow, so try to dig deep!"

"Now I would never encourage you to run away from any problem – surely you can overcome even the greatest of challenges! But just in case I have a duffel bag ready to stuff full of the Palace valuables and tickets to somewhere far, far away… how does that sound?"

"But here we are at the heart of your turf. Toughs with Chicago Typewriters on every street corner! Little Benny and Big Louie shaking the locals down for protection! And sweet Lulu Lechuga crooning in the club. We're raking it in, and we need a place to stash the cash – away from prying eyes."

"Now I'm not saying you're my only client, that would be unprofessional, and I'm not naming any of my other clients – that would be hugely unprofessional! – but I am saying that whoever my other clients are (if there are any) they wouldn't necessarily want to know I was dealing with you, and vice versa."

"Now as I'm sure you appreciate, Presidente, this much 3D Printer 'ink' won't be cheap, although I've found a website with only a hundred spelling mistakes that is offering it fairly cheaply. The other option is that we can make our own with a little chem-tastic wizardry. What do you think?"

"Now as you know, there's nothing I love more than a busy factory, but you can't spit out goods without chewing up raw materials. So let's feed our manufacturing machine an all-you-can-eat buffet of terrestrial treasures… Nature is too soft, let's turn her into hard cash, what do you say?"

"Now available on the Tropican Health Service – laser eye surgery! For those who simply must have laser eyes."

"Now if you'll just sign here… initial here… a drop of blood here… that's it. Now we just feed all the paperwork into the shredder, and take the strips and throw them on the fire. Good. All done!"

"Now it might be best not to ask too many questions about this, Pres. You don't look a Trojan horse bearing gifts in the mouth, right? So let's just make it happen, then forget all about it, and burn all the plans and files. It's just clutter, after all!"

"Now none of me men are literate, so there are no written instructions for how to put the henge back together. But I drew some pictures! You just need to attach 'Lintel P' to 'Standing Stone I' using the diagram on page 8. Then attach the ropes, which were not included. Simple!"

"Now obviously your judgment is far superior to any number cruncher, but there is a saying in my family: 'sell your pork futures before the pig dies'. Do you think the pig is about to die? And if so, would you like me to make appropriate arrangements for saving your bacon?"

"Now so many ships leave Tropico every day that no-one would really notice if there was a little extra something being exported. There'd be no need to ask questions about it, perish the thought, and if something good happens in return, why that'd just be a gift. We don't use the 'b' word."

"Now that the war is over, Presidente, we finally have a chance to demonstrate your unlimited greatness to the world! I am so excited!"

"Now that you mastered the camera, let us take a look at the ways to control time: you can pause the game and choose from different speed settings. While the time is paused you can still act, give orders and make decisions. The game world will react to your changes when you start the time again.<cf><cf>Try the different speed settings now."

"Now the rabble get their temple of commerce, and we both get a cut of the action. What's not to like?"

"Now then, old chum, how's the governing game? If you need help, I can always give you a hand – or the boot!"

"Now we can try and defragment the pyramids. That might work, but it would take a lot of time because there's a lot of blocks… Or we could replace the Great Hard Drive of Giza that we're downloading it onto, if you don't mind building another one. Your call!"

"Now we have the trade route, and with the help of my lovely factories, we'll not only be the Cartier of every partyer, we can sell a tiara to every ordinarily wealthy Tom, Dick, and Harriet to boot."

"Now we should be safe for a while."

"Now why would you think I wanted a favor – you know I never ask you for favors! No, nothing like that. But I do happen to know some people who know some people who have some good friends in Zurich and they have a small favor to ask of you."

"Now you are set, and the first batch of tourists will arrive with the next tourist ship. Tourists are not so different from your own citizens. Their economic wealth is at least well-off. They only have two happiness aspects: Accommodations and Entertainment. Every tourist has limited time on Tropico and will depart when it's over – so they want to get as much out of it as possible: in general, tourists enjoy variety and become bored by visiting the same attractions over and over.<cf><cf>Also, each tourist belongs to one of different types that prefer certain accommodations or attractions."

"Now you've got a collection of crooks, it's time to break them. One of them must know something! Criminals are a superstitious, cowardly lot, Presidente. Strike fear into their hearts!"

"Now you've done it, Presidente. You need to learn not to tread on me and my fellow Conservatives – we bite back!"

"Now, I wouldn't recommend that you ride there, Presidente... unless you get a tetanus booster… and maybe a rabies shot too… Actually, steer clear. And lock the Palace at night, just to be safe."

"Now, don't feel bad. 8 out of 10 dictatorships fail within their first few years. The Crown will consider you an ally for as long as you live! Although, about that... There might just be the teensy problem of an execution order to deal with. Don't worry though, I won't keep you hanging around…"

"Now, to get things done we'll need manpower. Getting the co-operation of the locals in this sweat-encrusted hellhole means bribing them with something they want. Rum works well, so build a lovely new distillery. Oh, and export some too, would you? Get some cash coming in."

"Now, whose pockets are the deepest, and with the least strings attached? Your campaign won't fund itself..."

"Nuclear Family"

"Nuclear Power Plant"

"Efficiency scales the supplied amount of electrical power."

"Every architect wants to leave their mark on history – with the half-life of plutonium being 24,100 years, the Nuclear Power Plant leaves a rather larger historical mark than other buildings."

"Nuclear Program"

"Efficiency scales the construction speed and maintenance rate of the bomb."

"The ultimate in Tropican national security: a weapon so dangerous it should never be used. If the comic books taught us anything, it's that researching radioactive materials is a great way to get – or become! – a superpower."

"Nuclear Testing"

"Nuclear missiles – the future of warfare, or planet destroying insanity? A new report from the Palace says: 'Classified'."

"Nuclear test gets eight out of ten! Free sunscreen for all! #tropicoisthebomb"

"Nuclear weapons – do they still have a place in our lives, or are they simply objects of Cold War nostalgia?"

"Number of Revolutionaries"

"Number of {faction}"

"The building gets an additional in-stock for {capacity 0} units of coconut and can produce juice from coconuts."

"Nut Cracker"

"O mighty Axis overlords, our excellent weapons are yours! Please lift the blockade and win this war!"

"O savior of my unworthy life, let me prove my value. Penultimo is sneaky! Penultimo is clever! And Penultimo knows on which side his bread is buttered..."

"OK"

"OK, Progress to Cold War"

"Obelisks"

"Observation"

"Observation finished"

"Observation finished message text"

"Reveals the hidden role of up to {roles} of your citizens and reduces the chances of citizens turning rebel or criminal by {chance} for {duration} months upon completion."

"Obsolete"

"Occasional"

"Occupancy Rate:"

"Oct"

"October"

"Of course, I do not threaten your life. I live in hope that we can be friends! Do you live in hope? Will you take me seriously?"

"Of course, I don't mean actual wizardry – it is more like sleight of hand.. although the technical name is 'creative accountancy'. It does offer an amazing way of making taxable assets disappear, though..."

"Of course, I learned everything from the greatest politician of all time – you, Presidente! It is a pleasure to watch you work. May I video it? No? That is too creepy? Of course, Presidente, you know best."

"Of course, Wyndham will be furious that we have both parts of his statue. It would be unwise to provoke him... but so much fun! Let us release pictures of you and Presidente Jr. to all the world's newspapers!"

"Of course, business has its place – someone has to make all the guns, tanks, and battleships. But what Tropico needs right now is a well-dressed military with more parades."

"Of course, it is not God who brings his wrath these days, but me and my flock. You might want to say your prayers – either that, or heed my advice and do the right thing."

"Of course, legitimacy is flexible… it just means 'made legal'. And you can make anything legal by having a contract. That doesn't mean you'd want Interpol to see the contract, of course… It may be legitimate, but it might still carry certain rather insignificant risks…"

"Of course, life is tough for those without jobs. I understand! My job is everything to me! But soon, my people, everyone will have tolerable pay, bigger bosses, and harder work!"

"Of course, once one has enough power to change the law, the concept of crime is not so meaningful. This is what separates us from the little people! Ugh, they are so naughty."

"Of course, the Chinese think their superior numbers can bend Tropico to their will. But El Presidente is not for bending!"

"Of course, the citizens love any opportunity to rabble. Some are calling for an evacuation, while others say we should defend against the unthinkable. I keep reassuring them that you are safe, Presidente! What else could they possibly be worried about?"

"Of course, the research cost is so vast that the hydroplantations will take thirty years to make back their value. But I got to write a paper for the prestigious Journal Into Mystery, so it's well worth it!"

"Of course, there is an alternative. We both understand how money works, so rest assured that any donation you see fit to make will be appreciated by my heirs..."

"Of course, this is fraught with danger. Poorly-built roads create unplanned happenings, while bridges are deliberately built over troubling waters! Elevators? They are so obviously traps. Presidente, without you the people would never get anywhere!"

"Of course, we can't stop the squirrels getting into the flumes. But remember, in development there's no bugs, only features! Wet 'n' Furry – the only water park with live squirrels screaming in the slides! Boom! Your park score's gonna skyrocket!"

"Of course, we drove him to his fury. It was that sea-creature statuette he was obsessed with. Who would have thought it would change the destiny of Tropico, and bring down a family with more blue blood than an ocean of octopuses?"

"Of course, we have enemies too. These so called 'Allies' mislead with their very name! Their propaganda is advanced, but we shall not be fooled!"

"Of course, we lost a few ships to pirates. I don't think you'd be optimistic enough to have anything to do with that, but I've been wrong before. Be careful, would you, old chum?"

"Of course, we've lost a few men when they fall out of the rigging. But that's great slapstick, good for comic relief between the musical numbers, eh? I think we've got a hit on our hands!"

"Of course, while control is paramount, do you know what's better? Remote control. Put this blueprint to good use and you needn't even get your hands dirty the next time trouble rears its ugly head."

"Off"

"Offensive"

"Offer"

"Offer non-aggression pact"

"Sends a request to the player. If the pact is signed, it prevents both parties from initiating hostile interactions like raids and open attacks while the pact is active."

"Offer transparency pact"

"Sends a request to the player. If the pact is signed, both parties share detailed intel on their economies via the almanac while the pact is active."

"Offer valid until end of {date}"

"Offered"

"Offers"

"Office"

"Efficiency scales the profit generation rate. Multiple offices running on the same work mode cause diminishing returns."

"No-one truly knows why packing miserable workers into an Office is effective at making money, but as long as someone is paying for whatever-it-is, it's best not to ask questions."

"Generates profit based on the number of all employed workers across Tropico."

"Official Business"

"Official Separation"

"The judicial Power of Tropico shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as may from time to time be ordained and established, such that Judges shall hold their Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services, Suitable and Appropriate Compensation."

"Official word from the Palace: this was not a refugee crisis, but merely a special Fiesta de los Vagabundos – we hope you had a great time!"

"Officials at the Palace report that we are not beset with an out-of-control fire, but merely an unseasonal excess of combustion. What a relief!"

"Offline"

"Off-Shore Office"

"Efficiency scales the money generated."

"Why settle for conventional banking when you can move your commerce into that convenient gray area they call 'international waters' with an Off-Shore Office?"

"Hosts a company of one of the superpowers. Generates money at the cost of losing relations with the corresponding one superpower. "

"Oh Comrade, I am saddened to hear you might be turning against us."

"Oh Presidente, what a bummer! You're an enemy of the planet! Now I have to picket you!"

"Oh dear, I am not sure he will be a good minister… he is such a gossip. On the other hand, perhaps that is what we want!"

"Oh dear, I see a notice of non-EU compliance was filed against you. Oh dear."

"Oh dear, I thought you of all people would not invoke God's wrath, Presidente…"

"Oh dear. Oh no. Presidente... didn't I ask for something? I did! But you failed me. Now you shall come to understand the word 'consequences'..."

"Oh dear. Presidente, it would appear that the people were protesting to get a reaction out of you – who knew?"

"Oh hey, Presidente. Sorry, my trademark smile is upside down. I'm Rainy Flowers today. I barely found my way here through all the smog in the air..."

"Oh look, I have a suitcase full of money right here – where did that come from?"

"Oh look, there I am in the window waving at you – Hola, Presidente! You will not actually see me of course, as Penultimo does not like having his picture taken."

"Oh man, I really don't like feeling this angry! It really ruins my mellow."

"Oh my, have you had a flush of the vapors? Your decisions have the whiff of lunacy about them."

"Oh no! Like a toddler after too much juice, Presidente, we are surprised by more leaks!"

"Oh phew… didn’t think… we’d ever get back… to Tropico."

"Oh wow, is that a cleric? So retro! I play a Science Paladin Half-Elf! Anyhow, Presidente, we need some things for our research – and also our games are lagging, you know?"

"Oh, I know what they say these days… politeness is just an arbitrary code of conduct. I am not convinced. And if you encourage us to behave impolitely, neither will you."

"Oh, I thought we were friends. But surely friends don't ignore what their friends need?"

"Oh, Governor! You look so pretty today! Oh, sorry, I have been bleeding a little since I was shot, and my head feels very light…"

"Oh, Presidente, finally the power to bring the world to an end is at your fingertips, as it always should have been."

"Oh, Presidente, your squirrel initiative is wonderful! They bury the nuts that grow into trees that make more nuts to bury! It's, like, divine!"

"Oh, Presidente. Oh, I don't know how long it'll take me to forgive you for this. Like, years, Presidente. All the years!"

"Oh, Presidente... that it would come to this. For how many years have I prayed for you to become less boneheaded?"

"Oh, and I hear you've employed that obsequious little toad, Penultimo. The last time I saw him, he was taking a swim. Say hello for me, and be sure he's there on opening night!"

"Oh, but I must warn you, Presidente – with so much necessary publicity, we're attracting all sorts of attention. An ecological disaster of this ongoing magnitude is going to attract a lot of interest. But will they want to bomb it or buy it..."

"Oh, don't sulk, I'm sure you'll last a long time! Lord knows I don't want to do this by myself. Let's start with a sugar plantation, yes?"

"Oh, poor child, I feel your pain. But don't worry, I'll cast a spell and make it all better. Wait – no I won't! Because, Presidente, you and I have to solve real problems in the real world."

"Oh, so your spine can be reinserted when required? Is that so? What a medical marvel! And what a terrible mistake you just made, Presidente!"

"Oh, that's a good one! This promise will be as irresistible as that chloroform cologne you once bought me!"

"Oh, these machine guns are simply wonderful! See, Presidente. Pull back here... then... click! Yes, and now she is ready to fire. We great men conduct the symphony of war, Presidente! Dakka dakka dakka... KABOOM!"

"Oh, those other dictators – sometimes they get lucky. But not as lucky as your loyal Penultimo! This is my dream job!"

"Oh, very good show! Nice islands you have there, I certainly hope – sorry, guarantee – that they'll survive the war."

"Oh, what a beautiful fire station! I remember now... I have always wanted to be a firefighter! It is the fire engine, you see. It has much charismatic power."

"Oh, you are angry with me. How very interesting. I do not think anyone has shown that kind of face to me before… fascinating. Well, I know you are a terribly resourceful leader – I'm certain you can find some way to get out of this fix. Lovely to see you again!"

"Oh, you're going to go rogue, are you? Guess you and North Korea can be best buds…"

"You will be replaced as governor of the Tropico colony when your mandate time runs out. Until then you can fulfill the demands of the Crown to receive mandate extensions as reward to prolong your reign. Eventually your goal should be to free yourself from the Crown by proclaiming independence, becoming the president of Tropico."

"Oil"

"Oil Buildings"

"Oil Cleaning System"

"Oil-Fueled Furnace"

"Oil Rig"

"This miraculous offshore platform turns inaccessible undersea crude into black gold. An Oil Rig also burns quite spectacularly under the right conditions. No smoking, please!"

"The Big Rigs"

"Oil Well"

"Only good things happen to nations that put up Oil Wells – they are never targeted for invasion nor develop top-heavy economies with wealthy oil barons lording it over the poor."

"Okay, Presidente – verbal insults just aren't working. Starting wars was just so much easier last century."

"Okay, Presidente. First we backup the internet to this memory stick. Then we reformat the Cloud. Lastly, we reupload our own carefully prepared baseball data!"

"Olive"

"Olympus Park"

"On"

"On Completion"

"On Completion:"

"On My Mark: Panic!"

"On Strike"

"On a Mission"

"On a Dead Man's Chest"

"On Cooldown for {time}"

"On our list of war priorities, you are very low. You may however find yourself somewhat higher on the list of Allied priorities. We require only that you survive the war and do not make a fuss! We hate fuss, also!"

"On signing of the contract:"

"On the efficiency tab of the building info panel, the final efficiency of the building is displayed as well as all factors feeding into it."

"On the other hand, the Eastern Bloc causes only dissention and strife! I denounce those who profit blatantly from global turbulence. A free market requires an invisible hand..."

"On way to %building"

"On way to {BuildingName}"

"Once we have appropriated some high grade German scientists, we could start our own nuclear program, or, better yet, create indestructible soldiers using black magic. They're all the rage! We might even end the war if we can kidnap the best ones."

"Once you discover Sports Talents you will be able to locate them by consulting the almanac on the people tab under <q>Special Citizens<q>. Select them to access the <q>Bribe<q> action."

"Once you discover Wyndham Spies you will be able to locate them by consulting the almanac on the people tab under <q>Special Citizens<q>. Select them to access the <q>Arrest<q> action."

"One for All"

"One Voice"

"One-Way Mirror"

"One Way Mirror"

"One day your people will see the benefits of a more holistic approach to global integration. But before then, I regret that they will see the drawbacks of being invaded by a superior power. I will return here with force, once I have purchased some cheap guns."

"1.3 billion Chinese citizens can't be wrong!"

"Every building has five budget settings with the medium budget being the default. The budget of a production building like the cattle ranch determines its wages, the attractiveness of its jobs and its efficiency. On a cattle ranch, a higher efficiency will lead to a higher production of hides and meat."

"Online"

"Only Play Stream-Safe Music"

"Only a genius of your magnitude could have made the Cayo de Gasolina Submarina experiment work, Presidente – no-one else would even have bothered to try!"

"Only a truly great leader would propose 'borrowing' one of the great landmarks of the world! I could never have thought of such a plan!"



"Open Construction Menu"

"Open Customization"

"Open Description Tab of {building}"

"Open Door"

"Open Doors"

"Open the Fun Coverage Overlay and inspect all three islands."

"Open Fun Quality Overlay."

"Tropico Libre "

"Vacant Jobs"

"Open Lobby"

"Open marriage"

"The Institution of Marriage, being deemed both Sacrosanct and Irrelevant in equal and opposite measure, should not be restricted by virtue of Gender, Race, Intellect, Haircut, or Shoe Size. Therefore, whosoever should wish to be bonded in Matrimony shall do so Freely and with the full support of the Law."

"Open Mind"

"Open Ministry Menu"

"Open Radial Menu"




"Open the Almanac and on the Politics Tab."

"Open the Customization Screen"

"Open the Game Menu"

"Open the Game Menu and Resume"

"Open the Info Panel of a citizen with a political view and inspect their Approval"

"Open the Info Panel of a citizen and inspect their political views."

"Open the Military Strength Overlay."

"Open the Military Strength overlay"

"Open the Task Screen"

"Open the Task Screen and view each current task."

"Enter customization mode."

"Open the Info Panel of a fisher and inspect the Happiness tab."

"Open the politics screen."

"Open the raids screen."

"Open the research screen."

"Open the trade screen."

"Open tourists thoughts tab"

"Opera House"

"Efficiency scales the service quality of the building. Efficiency is increased by nearby decoration and luxury hotels but decreased for resource producing and industrial buildings."

"Tropican opera, typically sung in Spanish, is a remarkable mix of dramatic arias, dancing, and prolonged death solos that can last hours at a time. Programs traditionally come with free handkerchiefs."

"Operation Banana Hammock"

"Operation Crispy Bacon"

"Operation Fat Squirrel"

"Operation Pie Hunt"

"Opposed"

"Opposition"

"Opposition Difficulty"

"Opposition Support"

"Opposition difficulty: "

"Drones will liquidate discovered Crime Lords, Rebel Leaders, Foreign Spies, Criminals, Rebels, and citizens with an approval lower than {approvalThreshold}."

"Opposition is Reason Enough"

"Settings"

"Optimise and rule your city with the “support” of SAGI – an algorithm which automatically issues edicts based on the social media activities of your Tropicans."

"Option not available for this map"

"The {option} option has been reset due to an outdated value."

"Optional Quest"

"Options"

"Or, alternatively, we could insulate ourselves in the tavern, using the time-honored method of getting wasted. The comrades co-operate in unison when it comes to getting drunk!"

"Or... and bear with me here... maybe we could do something profitable with it. What are those thin wooden things called? Plinks? Plonks? Whatever they're called, make some of those and export them. The Crown doesn't pay me to know words."

"Orange"

"Orbital Mind Control Lasers"

"Orbital Transfer Maneuver"

"Organic Dyes"

"Origin"

"Other Modifiers"

"Other Players"

"Other global leaders rule entirely through social media! So, we're making sure that your tweets are more important to SAGI than anyone else's. Go on, try it!"

"Other nations look to Tropico with a barely-concealed jealousy... that is fully warranted! We have all the best landmarks, and they keep carelessly losing theirs!"

"Our Friends Have Returned"

"Our Thoroughly Modern Presidente says: the future is now called 'the present'!"

"Our agents have returned from the field, smuggling the cathedral under their coats...It took a lot of trips."

"Our agents were grateful for the high-tech llamas we assigned them, but now they're tired of being spit at. If we're going to complete the mission, we have to get something supercool into the supersecret superspy supergarage."

"Our beloved El Presidente could never die, so please take flowers to the newly constructed mausoleum today to show our love for our immortal leader."

"Our brave Presidente today took a courageous step by forming an audacious alliance with the spunky Axis! Now they won't invade us!"

"Our choice appears to be between the Allies and the Axis. One of these is constantly developing new weapons of violence and has no compunction against bombing civilians, and the other is evil. Whichever you choose will probably win – for, though small, Tropico is the true global power!"

"Our comrades rejoice in your support, Presidente – and of course, we all rejoice equally!"

"Our efforts are aided by our Communist comrades – to each according to their need, from each according to their ability. Equality for all, especially those who are more equal than others!"

"Our efforts to occupy the minds and hearts of the people are a success! Even if your campaign didn't inspire the islanders to vote, the constant bombardment of meaningless promises must have annoyed them enough to take action...! Political engagement, Presidente! Democracies would kill for it!"

"Our elite squad is deep into enemy territory... but the compasses just arrived in this morning's mail."

"Our friendship must end, Presidente! If you refuse my requests, we must become enemies. And I hope you will be as good an enemy as you were a friend, my friend!"

"Our guard towers work, Governor. We can defend ourselves! Hurrah! I have waited for this struggle all my life. No longer will we take instructions from others – we will have the freedom to make our own bad decisions, to squabble amongst ourselves!"

"Our journey of friendship starts small, but ends with us sitting together on a huge pile of money, staring into the sunset. We can hold hands, your choice.<cf><cf>And there's zero risk! I already have paperwork that proves how legitimate and successful this deal turns out to be. Trust me, I'd never lie to a friend!"

"Our money's at work, Pres! I optioned the stock, stocked up on options, and stopped all the auctions."

"Our new media are pumping out anti-Party propaganda twenty-four hours a day! It is like the old days, Presidente!"

"Our new secret port is absolutely not for bloodthirsty pirates! These true Tropican patriots just happen to have a surplus of parrots and a deficit of limbs."

"Our ongoing prosperity is supported by the Capitalists – with thanks! We're grateful for the many fulfilling jobs you create for my people – and your progressive attitudes toward taxation."

"Our people in Paris need a photo op. Someone of your... unquestionable stature, to whom they can point and say <q>See! Tropico cares about pollution. Anyone who doesn't should be embarrassed.<q> Help me out, and I'll be free to focus my laser pointer elsewhere."

"Our problems are deeply rooted in the arrogance of Europe! When their citizens invade our beaches, they are served by hand. But when Presidente knocks upon their door? They bite that very hand!"

"Our scientists are working night and day on the necessary flight calculations, and will eventually work out how to get it out of Venusian orbit and somewhere close to our own planet. We could hire a few more nerds to speed things up, if you like."

"Our space probe came home, Presidente – with passengers!"

"Our spies abroad"

"Our steering committee has voted on your situation, and we are unanimous – we shall not be made fools of! So, turn this around before we turn it for you!"

"Our test subjects remained happy for some hours after consumption, then the happiness ceased and the visions began. These customers are waiting patiently... as patients. The trade route is yours, so hurry with supplies. Do not let me down!"

"Our time is up, Presidente, and we have failed. I would fall on my sword, but I have no sword. So, I will fall on this pen! Owww!"

"Our troops want to be issued new knives, or they'll sulk and refuse to go on the mission. They have given me a list. They really like those F-S fighting knives the Brits gave their Commandos, and we have a design for a Fully Fitted Sharp Knife, steel blade, leather pommel – very swish. We must make some!"

"Out"

"Out of Sight – Out of Mind"

"Outfit"

"Outfit Colors"

"Outlasted Uprisings"

"Outpost"

"Outposts cannot be demolished."

"Outside of map bounds"

"Outstanding victory, sir – medals for everyone!"

"Each citizen compares their overall happiness which is an average of all happiness values against the Caribbean happiness. If their overall happiness is significantly lower they might decide to emigrate. In turn the average Overall Happiness of all Tropicans can make people decide to immigrate to Tropico if it is higher than the Caribbean Happiness."

"Overfeeding"

"Overlays"

"Overview"

"Overwatering the Grog"

"Overwrite"

"Own the moon by obtaining all moon deeds."

"Owned regions"

"Owner"

"Oxford Graduate"

"Public Service Announcement Tower"

"Pacifier"

"Pacifist State"

"The nation of Tropico, being committed to the Peaceful Conduct of all nations, hereby renounces any and all title to declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and to raise and support Armies, Navies, or armed forces of any other kind."

"Such a Lovely Place"

"Pack the Bleachers"

"Decreases job quality by {jobmod}. Visiting time is decreased by {vendormodpercent}. Work shifts are slightly longer."

"Packing Service"

"Can be revoked in {amount}"

"Paid Healthcare"

"The matter of the Health of the Citizenry being of such Import as to require Adequate Remuneration, it shall be ensured that No Person requiring Medical Assistance shall be discharged from their obligation to exchange Monies in return for appropriate therapeutic intrusions."

"Palace"

"Being Tropico's most pretentious edifice, the Palace features a lavishly furnished bedroom for every week of the year, (a tiny cubbyhole for Penultimo) and at least one oversized balcony for lofty speeches and significative waving."


"The palace is currently being relocated. Wait for it to complete relocation."

"Pan Camera"

"Pan the Camera around."

"Park - Size L (2x2)"

"Park – Size M (2x1)"

"Park - Size S (1x1)"

"Park – Size XL (2x3)"

"Park – Size XXL (3x3)"

"Parking Deck"

"Efficiency influences the housing quality for citizens that can afford to own a car."

"The complex labyrinth of the Parking Deck is neatly divided into many white-lined bays, which Tropicans prefer to ignore in favor of more artistic car arrangements."

"Parking Decks"

"Parochial Education"

"Part of the tunnel is not underground"

"Participants"

"Particle Quality"

"Pass this edict to let a whole bunch of ne'er-do-wells onto your islands. Okay, sure, most of them are upstanding citizens – just a bit poor. But I bet you'll find a heap of plumb crooks amongst them!"

"Passenger Vehicle"

"Passengers"

"Passengers (Last Month)"

"Passengers (Lifetime)"

"Passionate Leader"

"Slightly improves the approval of citizens working or living near the statue over time."

"Pastel Blue"

"Pastel Brown"

"Pastel Dark Gray"

"Pastel Gray"

"Pastel Green"

"Pastel Light Blue"

"Pastel Orange"

"Pastel Pink"

"Pastel Red"

"Pastel Terra Cotta"

"Pastel Yellow"

"Crocodiles"

"Goats"

"Pigs"

"Sheep"

"Pasture Prohibition"

"Path"

"Select a location to have the police blimp patrol between there and its current position."

"Patrol"

"Pause"

"Pause during Construction"

"Pause during opened Pop-ups"

"Pause the game time."

"Paused"

"Pay 10,000 to gain 15 Moon Deeds on winning the bet"

"Pay 3000 for the Wonkmeister bars"

"Pay 5000 to gain 10 Moon Deeds on winning the bet"

"Pay Hexxon"

"Pay TV"

"Pay for oil instantly (10000$)"

"Pay for the Seals"

"Pay the Broker with Swiss Money to reveal the kingpin."

"Pay the Crown"

"Peace must be earned through superior firepower. You can't pray for national security, you have to take it from the barrel of a gun! As long as you're at the right end of it, of course."

"Penalty for Cancelling:"

"Pencil Moustache"

"Pending"

"Pending:"

"Penitents to the left of us, supplicants to the right of us… everybody kneeling and making it difficult to pry up the mosaics. Samarkand isn't even on the way to Mecca, it's just a really popular place to stop for a quick prayer and some shashlik. Can't bribe 'em, I'm afraid, just have to wait it out."

"Penny Arcade"

"Penny Saver"

"Penultimo"

"Loyal Penultimo is speechless. Only the political majesty of his beloved Presidente stills Penultimo's tongue this way!"

"Penultimo introducing the player"

"Penultimo introducing you"

"Penultimo is a national hero! We respect those who get shot for the cause. Some of us hope to get shot ourselves, one day!"

"Penultimo is glad every day is not a revolution. Although every day the earth revolves around its axis, so I suppose every day is a revolution."

"Penultimo of the Caribbean"

"Penultimo opened your factory today, Presidente. He used chocolate scissors to cut a red licorice ribbon. It took three hours."

"Penultimo takes the Uranium"

"Penultimo wants Chocolate, I know it!"

"Penultimo!"

"Penultimo's Plan"

"Penultimo, At Your Service"

"The wars are over, Presidente! I would kiss you if it was not treason to do so."

"Presidente, the Cold War is over! The future is now present, and the present will presently pass into the past."

"Surely everything will get better now that the heat of the battlefield dies down, and the world begins to cool. Surely it cannot get too cold? The sun shines upon the promise of the future, and the planet is unquestionably safe!"

"What amazing things we will now have, like airports, shopping malls, and something called 'internet' that allows people to complain about television more quickly. A new age of wonders begins!"

"But it is a hazardous period for our fledgling nation to take flight from the Colonial nest. It is a time of wars, and sequels to wars. A time to fortify, to think about electrification and industry, and to train doctors to fix the health problems caused by that industry. There is much to be done!"

"My heart swells with joy as I greet my fearless leader for the first time as El Presidente."

"People"

"Citizens consume two units of food when eating. Increases the general food quality by {foodmod}. Decreases capitalist standing by {factionmod 0}. Increases communist standing by {factionmod 1}."

"A Protest has started!"

"People aren't toys, Presidente! I thought we'd had this little chat. But you know I can't ignore them, so you'll get what you want – a little bit of faith to harden them to adversity. Me, I'm already on the sacramental wine..."

"People can't shut up about it, though! Especially the toga party. And you changing your name to 'Zeus', that's pretty confident! SAGI must be reeling from this level of input, like a bolt from the blue!"

"People lose their jobs for all sorts of reasons, don't they, sometimes they might not even know why they're getting fired…"

"People must know their place, Presidente. Especially if it's under a boot."

"People say change is good, Presidente, but I do not like how it makes my pockets bulge. Penultimo likes sleek lines to his tailoring."

"People vs. Profit"

"Pep Pills"

"Perhaps I could ask the Inside Man for some insight... if I knew who he was. He's a spy so cunning that he himself might not know who he is! A spy so skilled he might not even exist! But someone must stand up to the Party!"

"I am here in person because of a rumor regarding some type of folk hero, Presidente. This so-called 'Inside Man' apparently intends to fight the Party. I am prepared to exert maximum effort in a search for insurgents, so I better not find the Inside Man inside your Palace, Presidente!"

"Perhaps, Presidente, you could harbor some refugees who bear absolutely no resemblance to myself, my family, and my closest friends? See – we have passports from all over the world!"

"Perhaps, now that they are veterans of larceny, we should give them a bigger task? Like... stealing something big?"

"Permanent Exhibition"

"Permanently Exclusive"

"Personal Butler Service"

"Personal Cleaning"

"Increases the approval of visiting citizens. Increases the efficiency of all plantations and mines by {effmod}. Eastern Bloc and China have a constant relations bonus of {superpowermod 0} on base efficiency. Western Powers and EU have a constant relations penalty of {superpowermod 1} on base efficiency. Communists have a constant standing bonus of {standingmod} on base efficiency."

"Increases the approval of visiting citizens. Increases the efficiency of all barracks, army bases, the commando garrison, and the spy academy by {effmod}. Eastern Bloc and Russia have a constant relations bonus of {superpowermod 0} on base efficiency. Western Powers and USA have a constant relations penalty of {superpowermod 2} on base efficiency. Militarists have a constant standing bonus of {standingmod} on base efficiency."

"Increases the approval of visiting citizens. Increases the efficiency of all libraries, research labs, high schools, and colleges by {effmod}. Western Powers and EU have a constant relations bonus of {superpowermod 0} on base efficiency. Eastern Bloc and China have a constant relations penalty of {superpowermod 1} on base efficiency. Intellectuals have a constant standing bonus of {standingmod} on base efficiency."

"Increases the approval of visiting citizens. Increases the efficiency of all industrial buildings by {effmod}. Western Powers and USA have a constant relations bonus of {superpowermod 0} on base efficiency. Eastern Bloc and Middle East have a constant relations penalty of {superpowermod 1} on base efficiency. Industrialists have a constant standing bonus of {standingmod} on base efficiency."

"Increases the approval of visiting citizens. Increases the efficiency of all luxury entertainment buildings by {effmod}. USA, Middle East, and Russia have a constant relations bonus of {superpowermod 0} on base efficiency. Western Powers and Eastern Bloc have a constant relations penalty of {superpowermod 1} on base efficiency. EU and China have a constant relations penalty of {superpowermod 2} on base efficiency. Capitalists have a constant standing bonus of {standingmod} on base efficiency."

"Increases the approval of visiting citizens. Increases the efficiency of all public service buildings by {effmod}. Western Powers and USA have a constant relations bonus of {superpowermod 0} on base efficiency. Eastern Bloc and Middle East have a constant relations penalty of {superpowermod 1} on base efficiency. Religious have a constant standing bonus of {standingmod} on base efficiency."

"Increases the approval of visiting citizens. Increases the efficiency of all ranches and factory ranches by {effmod}. Western Powers, Eastern Bloc, USA, EU, China, Russia, and Middle East have a constant relations penalty of {superpowermod 0} on base efficiency. Environmentalists have a constant standing bonus of {standingmod} on base efficiency."

"Personal Experience:"

"Personal Rights"

"Workers are required to have a high school education. Increases the housing quality by {resqualmod}. Decreases job quality by {jobmod}. Relaxation tourists will also prefer this building."

"Peter Tatchell, a British gay rights activist, attempted a citizen's arrest on Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe in 1999. Tatchell walked up to Mugabe's motorcade, grabbed the stunned dictator by the arm and stated calmly: <q>President Mugabe, you are under arrest for torture<q>."

"Pharaoh"

"Pharmaceutical Company"

"Tropican Big Pharma creates sugar-coated placebos, then invents convenient medical conditions for the pills to 'cure'. You're not tired, it's Awakeness Deficiency Syndrome!"

"Processes oil to produce pharmaceuticals. Emits pollution."

"Pharmaceuticals"

"Phew! Those Chinese take retaliation seriously! I guess they did write the book on war..."

"Physical Inspection"

"Automated Overseer"

"Protective Sphere"

"Picnic at Squirrel Mountain"

"Pig"

"Pile up cash doing lucrative – and legitimate – rum-based business dealings with the Broker."

"Loot"

"Pillaged some booty"

"Pilot Shades"

"Pimp My Island"

"Pineapple"

"Pineapple Plantation"

"Pink"

"Pinnacle of the Working Class"

"Bent Pipe"

"Straight Pipe"

"Pirate"

"Pirate Attack"

"Pirate Cove"

"If you want to get drunk, lose a fight, or hire some unsavory types for a covert raid, these salty dogs provide a polite, authentic service. There's also a gift shop!"

"Pirate King"

"Pirate Ship"

"Pirate Stories"

"Pirates are departing"

"Pirates are gathering"

"Pirates are returning"

"Send pirates on raids to loot resources or people, or on a heist to acquire a landmark. Unlocks smugglers' trade routes. Decreases crime safety nearby."

"Pirates will roam the seas in search of flotsam (Aluminium, Cocoa, Shellfish)."

"Pirates will roam the seas in search of flotsam (Bananas, Hides, Iron)."

"Pirates will roam the seas in search of flotsam (Coal, Logs, Pineapple)."

"Pirates will roam the seas in search of flotsam (Coconuts, Sugar, Wool)."

"Pirates will roam the seas in search of flotsam (Coffee, Corn, Gold)."

"Pirates will roam the seas in search of flotsam (Cotton, Meat, Oil)."

"Pirates will roam the seas in search of flotsam (Fish, Nickel, Tobacco)."

"Pirates will roam the seas in search of flotsam (Milk, Rubber, Uranium)."

"Pirates?! What were you thinking, Governor? As if these islands didn't already have enough dirty layabouts not paying their taxes."

"Pitz did turn out to be a bit of a fad, and is now only seriously played here and in Japan. But we continue the great tradition of the Tropico Series, and Gran Araña cheers on our brave players in the Pitz pit every year. Go Sovereigns!"

"Place Bus Stop End"

"Place Bus Stop Start"

"Place a Cattle Ranch on the best location."

"Place the starting bus stop on the sidewalk of a road segment. Busses will round-trip between this and the final bus stop."

"Place the final bus stop on the sidewalk of a road segment. Busses will round-trip between the starting bus stop and this one."

"Place ending bus stop"

"Place starting bus stop"

"Place the target for the tourist trips. Needs work mode <q>Hiking Trips<q> or <q>Insider Tips<q> actived."

"Placement Errors"

"You gain {fee} for every rich or filthy-rich adult each month. Decreases capitalist standing by {factionmod 0}. Increases communist standing by {factionmod 1}."

"Plain"

"Plane touched down at eleven-hundred hours, which coincidentally is the number of blisters on poor Penultimo's hands…"

"Plane touched down at oh-nine-hundred hours local time. My body still thinks its eighteen-hundred hours last Wednesday… the docs call it 'turboprop lag'."

"Plane touched down at oh-eight-hundred hours, weighing in at about, oh, eight hundred tons or so."

"Plane touched down tonight at twenty-three-hundred hours. We would have been here sooner but we wanted just one more Parisian 'dîner et vin' before dusting off."

"Planks Export"

"Planks"

"Planks A Lot"

"Plans to assassinate you with an exploding cigar… plans to sink ships using dolphins equipped with tin openers… plans to manipulate the weather with high frequency sounds… plans to bug the Palace using microphones implanted in cats... And... Presidente! Apparently, the fat dolphin statue has two pieces!!"

"Plantation"

"Have Plantation ({CropType})"

"Surely in centuries to come, people will look back fondly on the Plantation owners who provided employment and food to everyone at practically no benefit for themselves."

"Plastered"

"Plastered Wall"

"Plastics"

"Plastics Plant"

"The Plastics Plant offers alternative uses for oil or corn by making non-biodegradable junk, that ironically can also be used to store oil or package corn."

"Plateau"

"Plateaus"

"Play"

"Play Ball"

"Play a sandbox game on any map from the mission campaign."

"Playback Equipment"

"Player"

"Player Information"

"Player {playerName} left the game."

"Player-Created map"

"Players"

"Players ready: {playersReady}/{allplayers}"

"Playing Tropico 6"

"Playing other game"

"Please choose an option for each mandatory topic"

"Please follow the instructions displayed on the screen."

"Please give us some details on the circumstances in which you experienced this issue:"

"Please reinforce your armies, Presidente! We have enemies to our right, insurgents on our left, demons below and pterodactyls above! Who knows what's hurtling through the fourth dimension to attack us right now?!"

"Pleasure doing business with you, Presidente – and I can pay you back tenfold with just a little magic."

"Plenty"

"Plunder Favor"

"Plus, I reached out to those people of means who are part of my flock, and lo, they hath provided me with a number of beasts. When life gets wearisome, I like nothing as much as a nice, rare steak."

"Point at a fishing ground."

"Point at a residential or accommodation building."

"Point at a resource deposit."

"Point at a building that has job positions. "

"Knowledge Production:"

"Raid Points required:"

"Knowledge Required:"

"Police Blimp"

"Efficiency scales the crime safety increase."

"The modern police officer fights crime on foot, by car, on a horse, or even – thanks to this nifty Police Blimp – by moving very, very slowly through the air."

"Police Car"

"Police Station"

"Tropican justice neatly combines bribable beat cops on the street with the dramatic excitement of extremely variable response times. It's an arrangement that ensures that you get what you pay for."

"Crime and Punishment"

"Police stations (and religious buildings in a theocracy) check all residents and workers in their crime safety radius and detect hidden roles with a {successProbability} probability. Decreases the global liberty by {globalLibertyDecreaseSecuritySurveillance}."

"Police stations will provide infantry squads during military conflicts."

"Every apprehended criminal will add {money} to your Swiss Bank Account. The crime safety of the police station is decreased by {generatordelta}."

"Policy of Dètente"

"Political Acts"

"Political Difficulty"

"Political Views"

"Political consequences of failure:"

"Political difficulty: "

"Political group standing"

"Pollination Parcel"

"Polluted Buildings"

"Pollution"

"Pollution Filter"

"Pollution is decreased by {pollmodpercent}. Efficiency is decreased by {effmod}."

"Pollution builds up over time, mainly caused by industrial followed by residential (amongst other) buildings. It decreases the beauty and fertility area and makes people lose healthcare happiness when resting at home."

"Pompous Bells"

"Pond"

"Pond with Fountain"

"Pony Tail"

"Pool"

"Poor"

"Population"

"Population Limit"

"Population Change for the Current Month"

"Population Change for the Last Year"

"Population Change for the Previous Month"

"Population Change"

"Population:"

"Position"

"Position 1"

"Position 2"

"Position 3"

"Position 4"

"Position vacant"

"Position Vacant"

"Power Arcades"

"Power Drill"

"Power Grid"

"Power Plant"

"The Power Plant turns million-year-old dinosaur remains into fresh, modern electricity, ready to be squandered by Tropicans over-filling their kettles."

"Power Saw"

"Power Shortage in Network {networkID}! {powerMissing} MW missing."

"Increases the job quality by {jobmod}. The building requires an additional {PowSupp} MW of electrical power."

"Power Up"

"Powerful Enemies"

"Consumes {stockmodratemod 0} sugar instead of oil to produce pharmaceuticals."

"Powerful Placebos"

"Powerful... Friends?"

"Praise"

"Praise Faction"

"Praise no faction."

"Praise the staging"

"Praise the {value} to temporarily increase their standing."

"Praise this superpower"

"Praise {Faction} for the succesfull cooperation."

"Praise: {value}"

"Pray TV"

"Pray for rain and hope for the best"

"Pre-placed buildings cannot be destroyed in the tutorial."

"Precision Strike"

"Preferred by"

"Preferred by relaxation, thrill-seeking and child tourists. The base fee is increased by {feemodpercent}. The base service quality is increased by {servqualmod}. Adds {workslotmod} job positions."

"Preparation"

"Prepare everything needed to host the Tropico baseball series and find players who will lead your team to victory."

"Prepare for War"

"Prepare for Wyndham's attack"

"Prepare for Wyndham's first attack in"

"Pres! I! Dente! I'll liquidate my assets! Call in every favor! Take out a twelfth mortgage on my mansion! Anything to crush you and claim my Narwhal!"

"Preserve the Reef"

"President"

"Peaked Cap"

"El Presidente Statue – Golden"

"There. It is complete! Once again, the breadth of El Presidente's awesome political vision is shown!"

"A Million to One"

"Presidente takes Tropico's last ever drink – from the world's biggest glass! #drinklikeafish"

"Presidente vs. Llama in a prize fight? My money's on the llama! #nomercycamelid"

"Presidente – I hear you are seeking funds. Of course, 'funds' without 'fun' are meaningless, so perhaps you would oblige me."

"Presidente! Good news! SAGI's ready! We... Ow! Ouch! Owie! Sorry Presidente, a champagne cork just hit me in the face."

"Presidente! How could you betray me? How could you betray the seals? Those Hexxon oil rigs are held together with band-aids! Seals are dying!"

"Presidente! In a transparent attempt to counter declining sales, Wizard Wonkmeister is holding a competition to visit his factory!"

"Presidente! My client – a successful and exceedingly legitimate businessman – wants us to be friends!"

"Now you know, Presidente, I never do anything illegal, and I deal with… well, some interesting customers – but this client might be a bit too interesting for anyone."

"Presidente! Oh my word, Presidente! Huuuu, huhhhh... must... remember... to breathe...!"

"Presidente! Your nuclear program has gone too far! The world's elite will hardly stand by as you become a global threat!"

"Presidente! Your quest for equality is the talk of the military! We prefer a rigid hierarchy, but each to their own."

"Presidente's latest effigy conservation program gets the nose just right! #notsureabouttheears"

"Presidente, I appreciate the candor of your candy. You make a blunt, honest, low quality bar. This wrapper was apparently designed by a child lacking a full set of crayons! But that means nothing to me. As long as we are friends, our trade route is open. Abuse it as you must..."

"Presidente, I could not have imagined that your leadership could improve! How could the best get even better?"

"Presidente, I feel bad about our squabble. Such aggression, and over nothing more than a little oil? I have a lot of oil, but too few friends."

"Presidente, I gotta hand it to you – when you tool up, you take it seriously! Do I feel safe right now? Never felt safer!"

"Presidente, I have been empowered by the Party to... respectfully continue to do as I always have. The Party is always correct!"

"Presidente, I have contacts in the military, and I believe I can encourage a few of those brave commando boys to accept a bonus payday, in exchange for their... specialist skills. Santa Tonto better watch out – our oil export prices are going places!"

"Presidente, I have eaten one hundred bars of chocolate, and still you have no coupon. I have failed you! And... am feeling very strange..."

"Presidente, I saw a documentary movie once... We can make pig fat into soap, to get glycerin. Then we add some nitric acid from fertilizer to get nitroglycerin! All the Axis will see is pigs, soap and fertilizer... until your commandos blow up Mount Kraken! When the Axis cannot get their gold, they will leave!"

"Presidente, I've heard a little whisper. It tells me that not only is the Big Enchilada somewhere on your island, but that he's a Tropican by birth!"

"Presidente, Operation Stony Kitty is a success – the agents are returning from Egypt with the limestone sculpture molecularly dissolved in Egyptian wine!"

"Presidente, Tropico is such a popular tourist destination, we have run out of itchy beach towels and half-chewed tiny cocktail umbrellas. Success!"

"Presidente, all my undocumented migrant workers are legally classified as 'interns', and my unskilled laborers get two cents an hour like everyone else – and they pay their taxes! Now, let's talk real business."

"Presidente, are you ready?"

"Presidente! Hey, how's your global standing these days, huh? Any world powers sniffing around for Weapons of Mass Destruction?"

"Presidente, even you could not foresee the diehards taking action over such a tiny matter as increased imports! They usually just write angry letters!"

"Presidente, great news! The internet is back where it belongs, and the American baseball players are Tropican for good!"

"Presidente, have you heard? Uranium, Presidente! That's environmental enemy number zero, being mined right here in a theme park?"

"Presidente, have you seen the people who toil in this man's evil factories? They're so poor and hungry, mere cogs in his machine. With your help, they shall receive the succor of the Good Book!"

"Presidente, if we're gonna step up security at the airport, we'll probably need an airport to step security up at."

"Presidente, it is no good… there are so many traps and puzzles in the ruins – and no health packs anywhere to be found!"

"Presidente, it is so dry that dogs are marking their territory with chalk lines."



"Presidente, it seems that German scientists are strategically important. We should execute a raid to kidnap some – from either side."

"Presidente, it seems that gangsters in New York have rumbled our plan to steal a certain Lady of Liberty."

"Presidente, listen to me, not that fop. He may claim that all his workers are Tropicans, but most of them came in on the last ship from God-knows-where! And the rest are Angora sweaters stuffed with shredded paper...!"

"Presidente, may I say it's a pleasure to watch you work. So many insult America... and so few survive the experience!"

"Presidente, my comrades and I have heard that Communists now rule the world! I feel guilty to be surprised – but I am!"

"Presidente, my cousin Picayunimo is a freelance distribution expert. In return for rum he helped set up the Big Enchilada's racket."

"Presidente, my friend! You catch me on a good day! The burden of my wealth feels light, like a fluffy marshmallow!"

"Presidente, my friend, your cheap oil is ruining my profits. Do you deliberately provoke me for reasons known only to yourself?"

"Presidente, my investigation is complete. It is beyond doubt – tourists do want accommodation!"

"Presidente, oh my Presidente... as I sit sipping this cocktail through an absurd, curly straw... I remember how we met! <cf><cf>It is the taste of coconut milk that reminds me! <cf>The drink is called a Beachcomber, which is also appropriate... for long ago, I, Penultimo, washed up upon your paradisiacal shores. <cf>Do you remember how you found me? Sodden, bedraggled, half-drowned? A victim of perfidy! And do you remember what happened next...?"

"Presidente, our space probe has come back with its shopping bags full of alien artefacts – it is truly astounding!"

"Presidente, please listen! Did you know much your drilling is hurting the environment? Presidente, you're killing seals!"

"Presidente, some of your squirrels have arrived. There are fewer than promised, as some have apparently eaten the others on the journey."

"Presidente, spending time on this island is like watching grass grow. Could you build a movie theatre? I need to catch up on my serials."

"Presidente, terrible storms are approaching Tropico… I do not think they are a natural occurrence. The meteorological map spells out VENGEANCE! in low pressure systems."

"Presidente, thank you! Your great popularity with the people gained you a Golden Coupon, and you named me your plus-one!"

"Presidente, the Party has designed the perfect Communist vehicle! It is available in a range of stylish beiges."

"Presidente, the Party tells us that justice is possible only when all people are equally miserable. Am I missing something...?"

"Presidente, the Torch is Inside the Petticoat! Those shapely copper thighs and ankles are safely secured on Tropican soil."

"Presidente, the blockade is an even bigger nuisance than tradesmen refusing to work on a Sunday!"

"Presidente, the operation is a complete success! That paperweight on your desk – that is the real Colosseum! If you look closely, you may even see some surprised tourists still inside."

"Presidente, the quality of a country is measured by its sporting achievements. So why did we never win the World Series?"

"Presidente, the workers have a request. They wish not to work! But that is impossible, so they also have a backup request."

"Presidente, the world thanks you! Your vigilance is important to freedom!"

"Presidente, there is no Golden Coupon. We have been monstrously unlucky. Ah well, at least we can mail the wrappers back to Wonkmeister, to contribute to their 'lettuce for schools' campaign. Wonkmeister lettuce is very popular! Of course, it is packed with sugar."

"Presidente, there is some excellent news in the obituaries! Every day I scan this page, searching for this name...<cf><cf><cf>The Broker is dead! Do you remember how he turned the Allies against us after the First World War and nearly destroyed us all? Ah, how we laughed! <cf>But, at a time when a drop in standing with the Allies would have signaled the end, only you would be so brave as to challenge America's prohibition..."

"Presidente, this bank in which the rum money sits. Perhaps we should make a completely legal withdrawal while the opportunity still exists?"

"Presidente, this island is so lawless! If we could spread news of the terrible things happening, we could scare people into uniting! Radio is just the thing."

"Presidente, though I miss my commandos, my new spies are pretty neat. Can you see them? No? Well, they are not here. But they are neat!"

"Presidente, we at the Institute of Futuristic Stuff want to thank you for making SAGI a reality."

"Presidente, we love our shacks – built with our own hands, and lovingly decorated with sheet metal and plastic bags!"

"Presidente, we were ready to trigger the export protocol when there was an unexpected Mongol invasion!"

"Presidente, we're in the chocolate business. Now to give Wonkmeister the competition of a lifetime!"

"Presidente, we've identified our DNA! It is a genuinely extinct creature! It's not technically a dinosaur, however. It's... a squirrel."

"Presidente, we've tried turning it off and on again – and it still doesn't work!"

"Presidente, what's all this about baseball? Studies conclusively guess that Tropicans completely lack the baseball gene!"

"Presidente, you are alone? Nobody is listening? We must talk chocolate... with special ingredients."

"Presidente, you have a... friend? Of course, your greatness is irresistible to flatterers and yes-men. Such people disgust me!"

"Presidente, you know I never eavesdrop, but I must tell you what I overheard…"

"Presidente, you may be aware that I recently fought our local Party representative. True, he bloodied my nose – but I made him cry! So I won!"

"Presidente, you must have heard the phrase ‘For Science!’ When people express belief in the unhindered pursuit of knowledge, they sometimes dogmatically exclaim this phrase. Like this! We need more research stuff, FOR SCIENCE!"

"Presidente, you now have a baseball team – the Tropico Sovereigns! Designers are already working on a politically incorrect logo, as is traditional."

"Presidente, you seem to have announced that Tropico will be known as 'New Olympus' from now on. That's a... daring move."

"Presidente, you've rekindled my faith in humanity. Hey, sure, we can't all be perfect! But we can make up for our mistakes."

"Presidente, you... kowtowed to a worm like Wyndham?! But... that means... we lose??"

"Presidente, your commitment to science is... astounding. I'm gonna cry. Your mind is so beautiful!"

"Presidente, your eyes are on the future – and that future flows through my R&D department. With some help from your treasury, we'll keep on trying. Some of our biggest wins were total accidents!"

"Presidente, your feature building is unexpectedly daring! This island is not yet the lap of luxury, but it begins to approximate the elbow of indulgence!"

"Presidente, your friend Mr. Delgado has unwittingly spiked SAGI into a political frenzy! She's filibusted! We have to help her."

"Presidente, your population is magnificent! Some of the people are even quite healthy. Our equality is clearly more equal than Proximo's!"

"Presidente, your special blue pharmaceutical chocolate is a hit! Which is to say, it was enjoyed by all who took a hit of it."

"Presidente. Have you heard of the 'Inside Man'? It is said that someone within the Party is engineering its downfall. I do not know why this would be, but does it not sound like fun? I think, Presidente, that in a different life I was a spy..."

"Presidente. I am breathing deeply. I am controlling my anger, because I am a civilized man. And I will civilize you if you speak one word...!"

"Presidente. You're looking healthy! Perhaps it's more relaxing to take orders, not give them any more?"

"Presidente... Focus groups tell us that people don't want thousand-year-old chocolate. I fired my marketing department. Again."

"Presidente... the time has come! The Inside Man struck last night, neutralizing the Party's Commissar!"

"Governor...! I am shot...! Oh, alas poor Penultimo! As I reached for the peanuts... something went... bang! Then bang again! Nine more times!"

"Presidente? Did I frighten you? It is just I, Penultimo, practicing doing nothing suspicious whatsoever!"

"Presidente? You still live? How awkward. Your recent failures should have resulted in immediate assassination. Ah, wait, I see! Your punishment is such that it is crueler this way!"

"Presidente… I regret to inform you that my army is staging a coup."

"Presidente… the llama is in the discotheque, I repeat, the llama is in the discotheque."

"Presidential Terms"

"Press Any Button to Continue"

"Press Any Button to Skip"

"Press Any Key to Continue"

"Press Any Key to Skip"

"Press Any Key to Start"

"Press to report a bug"

"Pressurized Storage Tanks"

"Prestige Mission"

"Send a rocket into space to show off and increase the approval of all Tropicans by {PEmodifier}. Requires {daystocomplete} days to complete."

"Pretentious Kitsch"

"Previous Building Variation"

"Previous Tab"

"Price Modifiers"

"Price of Bananas raised by 100%"

"Price of Oil raised by 20%"

"Price for {resource} is now {percentage} of the value"

"Prima Donna"

"Princess"

"Prince Thari"

"State Loans"

"Prison"

"Nothing says 'rehabilitation' quite like locking up offenders in a cramped Prison where they have years to learn criminal skills and plan bigger capers for when they are eventually released."

"Hidden roles of all family members of inmates are uncovered."

"Prisoner income"

"Prisoners"

"Privacy rights"

"It being recognized that all Citizens are substantially inconvenienced by every little thing that impinges upon their Sovereign Rights of Equality, and further that such Rights are neither understood nor even practical, the State hereby vouches to cease pursuit of National Security when it conflicts with Personal Privacy."

"Private Banking"

"Private Garden"

"Private Landing"

"Private Vehicle"

"Process Optimization"

"Processed Resources"

"Processed Goods"

"Processes coal and iron to produce steel. Emits pollution."

"Processes cocoa and sugar to produce chocolate. Emits little pollution."

"Processes either wool or cotton to produce cloth. Emits pollution."

"Processes either pineapples or fish to produce canned goods. Emits pollution."

"Processes gold to produce jewelry. Emits little pollution."

"Processes oil to produce plastics. Emits much pollution."

"Processes planks to produce furniture. Emits pollution."

"Processes planks to produce boats. Emits pollution."

"Processes gold and plastics to produce electronics. Emits pollution."

"Processes steel and nickel to produce weapons. Emits pollution."

"Processes steel and rubber to produce vehicles. Emits pollution."

"Proclaim Independence"

"Produce {ResourceName}"

"Raw Resources"

"Increases efficiency of each high school and college by {effmod}. The edict runs for {durationMonths} months and has a cooldown of {cooldownMonths} months."

"Produced resources:"

"Producing Raid Points"

"Production Value (Last Month)"

"Production Value (Lifetime)"

"Sends out boats to nearby deposits to catch fish."

"Cuts down trees in the vicinity to produce logs. Emits little pollution."

"Extracts mineral resources from a coal, iron, gold, nickel, aluminium, or uranium deposit. Emits pollution."

"Production Buildings"

"Production modifier"

"Professional Soldiers"

"The Defense of the Nation being of the highest import and significance, all Citizens accepted to serve in the Army, Navy, or armed forces of any other kind shall be required to demonstrate the Mental Capacities befitting the expectation of being tasked with wielding a Firearm."

"Profit Protocol"

"Progress to Cold War"

"Progress to Modern Times"

"Progress to World Wars"

"Progressing to a new Era not only provides new opportunities but also new challenges."

"Progression Task"

"Muddling Through"

"Progression to Cold War"

"Make Tropico Great"

"Just Wondering…"

"Progression to {era}"

"Progressive Business"

"Prohibition"

"Project: Nutcracker"

"Project: Nutcracker is complete, Presidente! This is something I've been dreaming of ever since I was six, when I genetically spliced my dollies..."

"Project: Nutcracker is going great, Presidente! We have the perfect solution! But we're, ah, gonna need some uranium, okay?"

"Promise"

"Promise Improvement"

"Promise <q>Good morning, Tropico<q> will increasing physical strength."

"Promise a free pony for each newborn child."

"Promise chosen"

"Promise free tattoos for every immigrant. Sign up today!"

"Promise helicopter rides for all pensioners."

"Promise more picture books for adults in the stores."

"Promise nothing"

"Promise poverty counseling for all jobless Tropicans."

"Promise to issue a gazillion peso note, so rich people can be gazillionaires."

"Promise to launch 'Tropico's Got Talent'."

"Promise to raise {happiness} by {amount} within the next 2 years. Protestors will remember this."

"Promise to replace student final exams with video games."

"Promise: {value}"

"Promises, Presidente! The best friend of any politician! And for some reason, no-one is ever surprised when we don't fulfil them...!"

"Promises, Promises"

"Propaganda Success (Last Month)"

"Propaganda Success (Lifetime)"

"Decreases the service quality by {propagandaservqualmod}. Every visiting citizen has a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political orientation towards the capitalist faction. Does not affect die-hard orientations."

"Citizens employed in the vicinity of the radio station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the Capitalist faction every time they work. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in the vicinity of the newspaper have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the capitalist faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in electrified buildings in the vicinity of the TV station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the capitalist faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Decreases the service quality by {propagandaservqualmod}. Every visiting citizen has a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political orientation towards the communist faction. Does not affect die-hard orientations."

"Citizens living in electrified buildings in the vicinity of the TV station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the Communist faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens employed in the vicinity of the radio station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the communist faction every time they work. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in the vicinity of the newspaper have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the communist faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Decreases the service quality by {propagandaservqualmod}. Every visiting citizen has a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political orientation towards the conservative faction. Does not affect die-hard orientations."

"Citizens living in the vicinity of the newspaper have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the Conservative faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens employed in the vicinity of the radio station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the conservative faction every time they work. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in electrified buildings in the vicinity of the TV station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the conservative faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Decreases the service quality by {propagandaservqualmod}. Every visiting citizen has a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political orientation towards the environmentalist faction. Does not affect die-hard orientations."

"Citizens employed in the vicinity of the radio station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the Environmentalist faction every time they work. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in electrified buildings in the vicinity of the TV station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the environmentalist faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in the vicinity of the newspaper have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the environmentalist faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Decreases the service quality by {propagandaservqualmod}. Every visiting citizen has a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political orientation towards the industrialist faction. Does not affect die-hard orientations."

"Citizens employed in the vicinity of the radio station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the industrialist faction every time they work. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in the vicinity of the newspaper have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the Industrialist faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in electrified buildings in the vicinity of the TV station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the industrialist faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Decreases the service quality by {propagandaservqualmod}. Every visiting citizen has a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political orientation towards the intellectual faction. Does not affect die-hard orientations."

"Citizens employed in the vicinity of the radio station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the Intellectual faction every time they work. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in the vicinity of the newspaper have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the intellectual faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in electrified buildings in the vicinity of the TV station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the intellectual faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Decreases the service quality by {propagandaservqualmod}. Every visiting citizen has a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political orientation towards the militarist faction. Does not affect die-hard orientations."

"Citizens living in electrified buildings in the vicinity of the TV station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the Militarist faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in the vicinity of the newspaper have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the militarist faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens employed in the vicinity of the radio station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the militarist faction every time they work. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases liberty by {libertymod}."

"Decreases the service quality by {propagandaservqualmod}. Every visiting citizen has a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political orientation towards the religious faction. Does not affect die-hard orientations."

"Citizens employed in the vicinity of the radio station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the religious faction every time they work. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in the vicinity of the newspaper have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the religious faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in electrified buildings in the vicinity of the TV station have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the religious faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"Citizens living in the vicinity of the newspaper have a chance of {propagandaChance} to shift their political views towards the revolutionary faction every time they rest. Does not affect die-hard orientations."

"Propose Alliance"

"Propose an alliance with this superpower"

"Protection is a two-way street, Presidente! Mostly for the people doing the protecting, now I think about it. Civilians should go where they're told."

"Protectionism"

"The State shall have Power to lay and collect such Duties, Imposts, and Excises, as to provide for the Fiscal Welfare of the nation of Tropico, such that there shall be no doubt as to the relative importance of Tropican Goods as opposed to those Lesser Goods of Foreign Nations."

"Protest"

"Protest Resolution"

"Protest_End_Bribe"

"Protest_End_Military"

"Protest_End_Negotiate"

"Of course, it will be very easy to find a way to satisfy people who are so unhappy that they have taken to the streets. Miserable people are the easiest to please! Your leaderships strategies are a wonder, most compassionate Presidente!"

"Your supreme leadership skill amazes me, Presidente! To think that you would stoop to negotiations with mere protestors…"

"Protesters won't negotiate until you address their previous demands."

"Protestors"

"Protests (last four years)"

"Proverbs"

"Provide Financial Support"

"Provide Tactical Insight"

"Hosts fighter planes that will automatically attack enemy squads."

"Ancient ruins can only be constructed on existing undeveloped ancient ruins sites. Provides fun to tourists. Preferred by cultural and backpacker tourists. Visitors must be well-off or better."

"Provides an infantry squad to fight in military conflicts."

"Provides infantry squads to fight in military conflicts. Decreases liberty nearby."

"Provides a tank squad to fight in military conflicts."

"You will be warned about impending uprisings. There is a chance of {chance} to negate rebel strikes."

"Provoke Rebellion"

"Provoke a rebel attack."

"Provoke a rebel uprising."

"Provoke rebellion message text"

"Provoke the EU"

"Provoke the EU by selecting one of the following insults"

"Send spies to infiltrate the rebellion. The spies will spark an uprising on completion."

"Provoked rebellion"

"Proximo, aide to the Presidente of Santa Tonto, still provokes me! <q>Yah boo, Penultimo,<q> he taunts, <q>Your island smells awful and your people are all sick!<q>"

"Public Frenemy Number One"

"Public Garden"

"Public Service Advertisements"

"Public Services"

"Public Transportation"

"Comes with two bus stops. Buses will transport passengers between both stops. Emits little pollution."

"Publish to Workshop"

"Pull The Plug"

"Punk"

"Purchase ({money})"

"Floatel"

"Purchase fire-proof suits and dust masks for all citizens"

"Purple"

"Dispatches fire fighters to extinguish any burning building they can reach via roads - or on foot, if required. Increases the survival chance of people trying to escape from burning buildings."

"Send orders to detain this person in a dungeon or prison. Decreases the approval of the arrested citizen's family, increasing the risk of them becoming rebels. The family of an arrested tourist departs from Tropico, leaving the lowest rating. The arrested person will do likewise when being released again."

"Pyramid Scheme"

"Pyromaniac"

"Quack-Salver"

"The color of a building reflects the residents' average individual happiness quality the last time they fulfilled the corresponding need."

"Quarter"

"Quartermaster Requisition"

"Shipping"

"Quest"

"Task Overview"

"Task reward:"

"Quests"

"Quick Build"

"Quick Build ({cost})"

"Quick, Presidente! We must choose a side in this terrible war before it ends! It is almost certain to be very short."

"Quick, Presidente, protect your precious self with this unworthy meatshield called Penultimo! The bank – it is being robbed!"

"Quickbuild is already underway."

"Quickload"

"Quicksave"

"Quiet House"

"Increases housing quality by {resqualmod}, job quality by {jobmod}, and expenses by {feebonus}. Reduces accommodation slots by {resslotmod}. Guests must be filthy rich. Can only be booked by guests without children. "

"This setting defines the climate between fully tropical and fully arid per island"

"This setting can be used to allow and scale the deviation of the chosen climate setting on different islands."

"This setting defines the amount of disconnected islands. The specific number depends on the chosen map size."

"This setting defines what proportion of the map size is generated as land."

"There is always one main island on which the starting region(s) are located. This setting defines how big this island is compared to the other islands."

"This setting defines the presence of elevated land above the beach and ground level."

"This setting defines the amount of resource deposits per player as well as their size."

"This setting defines the size of the map as a whole."

"Radial Cobblestone"

"Radial Menu"

"Radio Now"

"Radio Station"

"Efficiency scales the liberty bonus."

"Control of the radio waves is hotly contested in Tropico. The majority of the population don't move their dial from Canal Uno, because it's really not worth the risk."

"Radio Station near Embassy"

"Radio campaign"

"Radio is so much better than print, don't you think, Presidente? After all, not every comrade can read."

"Raid"

"Raid Complete: Espionage<lf>{reward}"

"Raid Complete: Guerrilla Patrol <lf>{min} to {max} Guerrillas left."

"Raid Complete: Loot <lf>{stolenResouces}"

"Raid Complete: Observation<lf>{rolesNum} roles revealed."

"Raid Complete: Sleeper Cell<lf>Sleepers: {sleepers}"

"Raid Complete: Treasure Hunt <lf>{reward}"

"Raid Complete: {raidName}"

"Raid Points"

"Raid Points:"

"Raid Vehicle"

"Send commandos on raids to destabilize the Caribbean, fight guerrillas, sabotage Superpowers, or go on a heist to acquire a landmark. Decreases liberty in the vicinity."

"Send spies on raids to detect hidden roles in your population, provoke an uprising, steal new technologies, or go on a heist to acquire a landmark."

"Raid buildings allow you to take actions outside the borders of Tropico."

"Raid complete, sir! Everything accounted for, present and correct!"

"Raid finished: Intimidate Neighbors"

"Raid finishing in:"

"Raid has been already finished and cannot be repeated"

"You cannot relocate the building while raiders are on a mission."

"Raid Points Production:"

"Raid points:"

"Raiders"

"Raiding"

"Raids"

"Raised by Llamas"

"Ranch"

"Have Ranch ({RanchType})"

"Ranch Budget Maximum"

"Ranches breed and raise the least cute of the Tropican animals, then turn them into meat and other desirable things to sell for cold, hard cash."

"Random"

"Random Checks"

"Random Map"

"Range"

"Rapid Bomb Manufacture"

"Rare"

"Rasta Cap"

"Rating"

"Rating Modifiers"

"Equality of Life"

"Reach a Swiss Bank Account credit of S$50,000 without ever accepting a single Broker request."

"Reach a population of 1000."

"Lollipopulation"

"Reach concurrent Tourists"

"Reach a relation level between {minstandingvalue} and {maxstandingvalue} with {superpower}"

"Reach a relation level of {diplomaticstate} with {superpower}"

"Reach state of {SuperpowerState}"

"Reach state of {SuperpowerState} with {Superpower}"

"Reach the next Era"

"Reach {eraName}"

"Reach {eraName} as a team"

"Reactive Armor"

"Reading fatigue scandal! 141 characters is just too many! #easyontheeyes"

"Ready"

"Really don't know how we managed to get airborne with all those yagura and torii packed into the hold, but parts of the outer wall seem to have been folded out of origami, which made it much easier to pack away. Ready to build whenever you give the order, sir!"

"Really, little lady, you must try to be less fanciful. <q>Spewing toxic death<q>? I'd look at what your protestors are smoking behind those barricades. Cigar, Presidente – and maybe some business?"

"Reason"

"Rebel"

"Rebel Attack"

"Rebel Attacks"

"Rebel Leader"

"Rebel Points"

"Rebel Rabble"

"Rebel Revels"

"Rebel Strength"

"Rebel Threat"

"Rebel Threat decreased to {RebelThreatLevel}"

"Rebel Threat should be greater than or equal to {ThreatLevel}"

"Rebel Threat should be greater than {ThreatLevel}"

"Rebel Threat should be lower or equal to {ThreatLevel}"

"Rebel Threat should be lower than {ThreatLevel}"

"Rebel Threat should be {ThreatLevel}"

"Rebel Threat:"

"Rebel Uprising"

"Rebel Attacks (last four years)"

"I told my boss to evacuate, but he said it was our moment of triumph!"

"So she's a rebel commander now?! Impressive."

"Rebellion"

"Rebellion Hellions"

"Rebels"

"Guerillas"

"Rebels and criminals have a {criminalLoseRoleChance} chance to lose their role every time they visit a chapel, church, or cathedral."

"Rebels are not arrested by the police as they are no immediate threat. At some point though, if they grow in numbers, they will launch a punctuated attack on one of your buildings, setting it on fire. Afterwards the assailants leave society and become Guerrillas.<cf><cf>When rebels are attacking, you can move the camera to their target via the according newsfeed message."

"Rebels converted: {rebels}, guerrillas converted: {guerillas}."

"Reboot"

"Reboot successful, backing up logs now for redundant deletion in the bit bucket. I just need to flick my dongle before putting the floppy back in. Don't worry about how it works… no-one is really sure about that… but we're back in the game!"

"Rebuild"

"Rebuild ({rebuildCost})"

"Rebuild {buildingname}"

"Rebuild the former building from the rubble."

"Received blueprint for {buildingName}"

"Recent"

"Recipients"

"Recipients:"

"Renovate"

"Red"

"Red Carpet"

"Red Star"

"Red spies are everywhere – and they don't all speak with a Russian accent! That makes it real hard to separate 'em from the good guys. Hell, they could be here in Tropico right now. We have to know… so you have to check. But don't worry, we'll be providing moral support. Or amoral support, at least."

"Redistributing Wealth"

"Decreases the efficiency of all entertainment buildings by {effmod 0}. Increases the efficiency of all other buildings by {effmod 1}. Decreases crime safety by {crimemod}."

"{effect}"

"Decreases the visiting time."

"Decreases upkeep by {upkeepmodpercent}. Decreases required electrical power by {PowSupp}."

"Reduced Import Taxes"

"The building requires {PowSupp} MW less electrical power."

"Decreases the consumption of hides by {consmodpercent}."

"Decreases pollution by {pollmod}."

"Decreases sugar consumption by {consmodpercent}."

"Reduces the time it takes for firefighters to extinguish any fire by {FireExBonus}."

"Every visitor decreases the fish resource by {depleteamount} units. Increases the service quality by {servqualmod}. Increases the fee by {feemod}."

"Reduces the time for saplings to grow fully by {SapGrowthMult}."

"Removes {workers} job positions. Increases efficiency by {effmod}."

"Reeding and Wrighting"

"Re-education Program"

"Refit"

"Refresh"

"Refresh all not accepted trade routes."

"Refresh all trade routes (Costs {Cost} swiss money)"

"Refund"

"Reject"

"Produces {powerOutputPerBuilding}MW of electric power per building affected by the waste treatment facility on base efficiency."

"Refuse Incineration"

"Region of {playername}"

"Registan of Samarkand"

"This mosaic-laden plaza used to host public executions. Now, like all the architectural marvels of yesterday, it hosts only tourists, the execution of whom is frowned upon."

"All children automatically gain a High School education. Increases all tourist ratings. Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"Regular"

"Regular Controls"

"Rehabilitated (Lifetime)"

"Reject Environmentalist"

"Reject Hexxon"

"Rejoice, my people! We have prevailed! Some say I won the war... but I cannot confirm this. I am a humble Presidente, as the history books will record."

"Relation Modifiers"

"Relation with USA"

"Relation with {power}"

"You cannot cancel the Alliance at the moment."

"Relations:"

"Relative Happiness:"

"Relaxation"

"Relaxation tourists add their stay at these accommodations as an additional visited attraction. Relaxation tourists will also prefer this building."

"Relaxation tourists prefer this building. Increases the service quality by {servqualmod} based on the food variety. Upkeep is increased by {upkeepmodpercent}."

"Make deals with the Broker to fill your Swiss Bank Account."

"Spend your private fortune on tempting offers from the Broker."

"Religion And State"

"Constitution topic. Allows you to change the role of religion in the Tropican society and government."

"Religious"

"Religious Buildings"

"He was a very stupid man, but I suppose that's the point of the story. And I'm not here to check the foundations, I just have a simple request. But heed the story, Presidente!"

"I can't demand selflessness – there's only one selfless Tropican and he's in a straightjacket – but you can't buy your way into heaven, Presidente. You can visit the church gift shop, of course..."

"Ah, who am I fooling. Heaven was never an immediate enough incentive for you. Well, there's something I need, and if your eternal reward isn't enough motivation, just ponder the immediate benefits of placating the religious voters..."

"Of course, you could hedge your bets and consider a few good deeds along the way. Even if we can't manage to get you a direct flight to heaven, we might be able to shorten your layover in purgatory, hmm?"

"I'll be happy to see you in the confessional, Presidente. Sooner is usually better than later, because it can get too late. Plus, I really want to hear all the gossip, you know?"

"Religious Fostering"

"I sometimes wonder about your final confession, Presidente... I suspect that it could take a rather long time to cover all your sins."

"Remember the story of the man who built his house on a foundation of sand, Presidente?"

"My flock are blessed with faith, hope, and charity... and I hope I can have faith in your charity, Presidente."

"A good deed, Presidente? Performed, no doubt, with absolutely no thought of reward. Yeah."

"I knew I could count on you to do the right thing… eventually, and for a price."

"Religious Minister of Education"

"Religious Minister of Interior"

"Clerical Buildings"

"Religious buildings emit crime safety like police stations. Employees of religious buildings arrest criminals. Decreases global liberty by {globalLibertyDecreaseTheocracy} and the overall tourism rating by {globalTouristRatingDecrease}. Increases religious faction standing by {religiousStandingIncrease}."

"Religious Candidate"

"Religious: Anathema"

"The religious faction promotes peace, welfare, and tradition."

"They dislike leisure activities that involve extravagant lifestyles or excessive alcohol. They dislike governmental tools that cause or favor war, crime, or progressive thinking."

"They like buildings that supply basic needs like faith, food, healthcare, and shelter to the people. Governmental tools foster peace and support the poor while honoring religious values and traditions."

"Religious Demand"

"We understand, Presidente, that our lives extend beyond this physical world. Earthly concerns are meaningless unless we also consider the spiritual, and at the heart of that is our relationship with God. We demand that Tropico fulfils the religious needs of its people! Why save the body at the cost of the soul?"

"Angry religious folks make me cross."

"Let the fire cleanse our nation."

"Father, forgive me."

"God is good, I give him five stars."

"Have I read enough of the Bible today? Hard to be sure…"

"That was a great Mass last Sunday…"

"What is that nun up to…?"

"Let me guess. You're thinking: #*$!, a nun, I'd better not swear. You have no idea what a Sister of the Order of the Howling Skull is, do you, Presidente? Or how one wound up on your tropical island, ministering to her flock? I'm Sister Francesca, and I've walked a long path to enlightenment with faith as my guide... but that's a different story."

"Send the Police Blimp to another location."

"Move Blimp"

"Relocate"

"Relocate Building ({cost})"

"Relocate Building"

"Set Tour Destination"

"Set Ending Bus Stop"

"Set Starting Bus Stop"

"Reluctant"

"Remaining mandate time:"

"Bloc Party"

"Remember it's all about stuff. Build stuff to make stuff, build stuff to move stuff, then build stuff to export stuff, so you can stuff your pockets full of money. Of course, it is the Tropican treasury that is really getting stuffed – wink wink!"

"Remember that construction workers need to be able to reach the Waterfall Island first, so you either require a landing or a bridge connection."

"Remember to forget me. You saw nothing unusual, especially not the cool gadget I did not use to not rappel down from somewhere other than the Palace roof!"

"Remember to regularly check the Trade Screen for good deals."

"Remember, Tropico could be invaded at any time! Keep your Survival Kit on hand. In the event of panic, breathe into the paper bag."

"Remember, loose lips might sink ships so tighten your lips with a Tropican-made spanner – you won't regret it!"

"Remember: the truth comes into your ears only via the Voice of Tropico! Do not trust the internet… do not trust anything but Canal Uno!"

"Remember: war is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength, coffee is pineapple juice, and Tropico is the future. Stay tuned to Canal Uno!"

"Remove Modifiers from {group}"

"Remove U.S.A. from Embassy"

"Remove Wyndham's Support"

"Remove Wyndham's support from the Middle East and the EU"

"Removed {AgentAmount} agents of type {AgentType}"

"Decreases the visitor slots by {resslotmod}. The building is preferred by cultural tourists. The efficiency of each museum of modern art is increased by {efficiencyIncrease} on medium budget. The bonus can be cumulated up to a cap of {cumulatedCap}."

"Removes {workers} job position(s). Increases efficiency by {effmod}."

"Renewable energy sources not only produce less pollution, but are also more resistant to logistic shortages."

"Rents"

"Reorganized Religion"

"Repair"

"Repair ({cost})"

"Repair Power Plant"

"Repair is already underway."

"Repair the Power Plant"

"Restore the integrity of the building."

"Repaired buildings"

"Repaired {BuildingName}"

"Repetition"

"Replace minister ({cost})"

"Report problem with this savegame"

"Reporting in… squad are AOK and 5-by-5 with a piece of 2-by-4 in an 8-by-10 four-bit room. We have 9 mm, 12 gage, H0 gage, and some rubbed sage, and are ready to engage. Over and out!"

"Reporting in… the blockage has been flushed, all washed and wiped."

"Reports of downtown vandalism are 'greatly exaggerated'. The fashionable new, 'distressed' architectural style is apolitical, and proves nothing anyway, the Palace says."

"Reports of unrest among Tropico's intelligentsia have been played down by the Palace – apparently, recent experiments in coffee strength went badly astray."

"Request"

"Requests"

"Require a steam locomotive to transport to airstrip, and having surveilled the quality of those in service in Agra I recommend shipping one to us in boxes and we build our own in the field. We will also require coal to fire it, and a manual to teach us how to drive one. Standing by."

"Required Wealth"

"Requires Research"

"Requires Relations: {standing}"

"Requires a nearby fishing ground"

"Requires completion of a {heistBuilding} heist."

"Requires completion of an unspecified heist."

"Requires more coconut trees in the vicinity"

"Requires more trees in the vicinity"

"The building requires {PowSupp} MW of electrical power. Increases the efficiency by {effmod}."

"Rescindable Since:"

"Research"

"Research Complete:"

"Research Lab"

"Tropican nerds are much like nerds of other nationalities – just more paranoid. They try to invent new technologies by blowing up their clean white laboratories, then file reports explaining why it was some other nation's fault."

"Knowledge:"

"Research {ResearchName}"

"Reset Camera"

"Reset the constitution expiration date"

"Reset the constitution expiration date ( {SwissMoneyCosts} )"

"Reset to Default"

"Reset to recommendation"

"Residence"

"Residences"

"Residential"

"Residential Occupancy"

"Residential Buildings"

"Decreases the pollution of all residential buildings by {pollmod}. Increases the upkeep of all residential buildings by {upkeepmod}. Decreases conservative standing by {factionmod 1}. Increases environmentalist standing by {factionmod 0}."

"Residential buildings with vacancies"

"Fair-quality residential building for {residences} households. Housing quality deteriorates over time. Tenants must be at least poor. Emits little pollution."

"Resistance Chamber"

"Resolution"

"Resolve Protest"

"Resolve keybinding conflicts first"

"Resolve the problem halting your great heist!"

"Resource Deposit Depleted: {resource}"

"Resource Overview"

"Extracts oil from a deposit on land. Emits pollution."

"Resource depleted"

"Highlights the location and size of deposits of the corresponding resource in green. Depleting deposits will gradually turn them red."

"Resources"

"Resources with higher export prices:"

"Rest in Repetition"

"Restart"

"Restart Lesson"

"Restart Map"

"Restart the Chapter"

"Restaurant"

"Dirty Laundry"

"Eating at a Restaurant is an enjoyable experience for romantic couples, exhausted families, and tourists. It remains so right up until the moment the cost of dining is revealed."

"Restaurant Safety"

"Resume Time"

"Resume"

"Resume mandate time"

"Retired"

"So-long job... hello semi-professional naps!"

"Retreating"

"Retry completing the Ultimatum."

"Return to Sender"

"Return to main menu"

"Returning to Garage"

"Returning to Office"

"Reveal the Kingpin"

"Revenue"

"Revenue (last month)"

"Revenue Breakdown"

"Revenue from Exports"

"Revenue from Exports ({resource})"

"Revenue from Tourism"

"Revenue from Tourism ({touristType})"

"Revenue from Tourism and Exports (Oil and Plastics)"

"Revenue from tourist accommodations"

"Revenue from tourist accomodations ({touristType})"

"Revenue from tourist fees"

"Revenue from tourist fees ({touristType})"

"Revenue from tourist fees and accommodations"

"Revenue from tourist fees and accomodations ({touristType})"

"Revenue:"

"Revered Langostino, most jumbo of shrimp! It is an honor to speak to the Pirate King!"

"Revert changes"

"Revolution!"

"Revolutionaries"

"Revolutionaries Arrested"

"Revolutionaries disapprove of colonial tyranny and strive for an independent and self-sufficient Tropican nation."

"They dislike anything that contributes to the increased wealth and dominance of the Crown oppressing the common people."

"They like buildings and governmental tools that educate and support the people. Military buildings are appreciated in order to fight for and defend their ideals."

"Together, the people will create revolution! Things that once went around will come around – and the people will have the power to determine the course of their own lives. Until someone else revolts, of course. Then the things that came around will go all the way back around. Such is the struggle..."

"I am the infamous revolutionary, Sofia Ortega, and this is my struggle! My people are oppressed! We cannot benefit from our own efforts, as rich men always take what we make for themselves. But I shall not rest until my people are free! Except for sleep... and weekends... and maybe tea breaks... I shall not rest undeservedly until my people are free!"

"Revolutionary"

"We appreciate this good turn you have done for us! And I assure you, we will stop revolving before we go all the way around and end up back where we started. But the struggle can be protracted..."

"Only I know what it is. And several dozen loose-lipped freedom fighters. And your spies. In fact, you almost certainly knew what we wanted before we did! In which case, please do it and we shall say no more..."

"We appreciate your help! We will work hard to improve the luster of our disobedience. If the people keep polishing, we will one day be able to see our faces in this rebellion!"

"We will resist, Governor! No taxation without representation, no bribery without clarity, and no corruption without discussion! We demand agency in our own injustice!"

"The people have taken this to heart, and constantly try to find new ways to sacrifice for the cause. They are very inventive! Please make a sacrifice as well – for the people!"

"Governor, the people have a request! But for safety reasons it is a secret request..."

"Viva la revolution! Together, Governor, you, I and the people will turn everything around!"

"Corruption is so rife, Governor, that we have to pay a bribe to find out how much to pay in bribes!"

"Our revolution is as yet only marginally glorious. But with your continued support, Governor, the people will make it shine!"

"I ask myself, Governor – do the ends justify being mean? But for independence, any sacrifice is worthwhile!"

"Revolutionary Demand"

"'Republic of Tropico'… it's the future!"

"No lactation without pasteurization!"

"No taxation without representation!"

"We are not revolting today... but tomorrow we shall be!"

"We shall be free!"

"Rich"

"Resources: "

"Right"

"Right to Arms"

"Right now I have certain friends who need certain things – and they'd be very grateful if we found a way to help them out. Nothing illegal! Just certain friends... who would prefer not to be named... and will pay for the privilege... right? Strictly legit, I promise!"

"Righteous Profit"

"Ripening Refrigerators"

"Rival"

"Rivalry"

"Road"

"Road Placement"

"Road Toll"

"Road can be placed."

"Road construction"

"Road is in the way."

"Road is in unowned region."

"Road is not within the designated area."

"Road curves too sharply."

"Road is too short."

"Road would cost: {BuildCost}"

"Roads"

"Increases the speed of vehicles using roads by {speedincrease}. The edict costs {cost} per month."

"Roasting Chamber"

"Robot cars – they drive themselves into the back of a truck so that you don't have to. Coming soon to a road near you."

"Robot puppies: safe but stupid, or ticking time bomb to robot apocalypse? Canal Uno reporters will have the crucial answers soon."

"Robots, Presidente – absolutely! But we don't need more factory robots – that's so last century. We need better robots. And that takes the kind of research that only smart people can do!"

"Robots, Presidente, they're what makes factories so good at what they do nowadays! Y'all need more factories using robots to make more robots to make more factories, and maybe some other things too!"

"Rock Steady – strengthen all buildings"

"Rock-Solid Faith"

"Rockets, the newest threat raining death from the skies. The Palace assures all its citizens that no country thinks Tropico is worth sending rockets against."

"Rocks Rolled"

"Rollercoaster"

"Tropican rollercoasters ride the razor edge of fear between fake danger and a real lack of safety. Some hardened coaster addicts consider them the best in the world!"

"Rollin', Rollin', Rollin'"

"Rollin', Rollin', Rollin'…"

"Roman Emperor"

"Roof Top Extension"

"Roof Top Garden"

"Room slots are decreased by {resslotmod}. Housing quality is decreased by {resqualmod}. While this building is operational, the efficiency of each office is increased by {sharedeffmod} on medium budget. The bonus can be cumulated up to a cap of {sharedcap}."

"Increases the number of accommodations slots by {resslotmod}. Decreases the housing quality by {resqualmod}."

"Rotate"

"Rotate Camera"

"Rotate Building"

"Rotate Building Left"

"Rotate Building Right"

"Rotate the Camera around."

"Rough"

"Route Cost per 1k units:"

"Route Income per 1k units:"

"Elena Culpepper"

"Royalist"

"Being part of an Empire beats being on your own."

"I love the royal family so much…"

"It's so much easier to know what you should do with a King to rule you."

"The Crown isn't so bad…"

"Why would anyone want to revolt? Being a colony is the best of both worlds!"

"Royalists"

"Rubber"

"Rubber Gloves"

"Rubber Plantation"

"Rubble"

"Hector Delgado"

"With the tavern constructed, it will soon attract workers and eventually the fishermen from before will visit it to improve their fun happiness.<cf><cf>But ruling is not really about catering to the needs of individuals, but rather caring for the people as a whole. Statistics, demographics, and average values are your friend, and they are part of the Almanac. Let's have a look at what the statistics say about the fun happiness."

"Rum"

"Rum Distillery"

"Through the miracle of fractional distillation, drab sugar cane is magically transformed by a Rum Distillery into the raw fuel for nocturnal entertainment, cocktail spillage, and bar brawls."

"Rum Export"

"Rumors that Tropico's conservatives are wildly unhappy have prompted a statement from the Palace reminding all citizens that Tropico's conservatives are always unhappy."

"Oh, Presidente! Your political maneuverings are the stuff of legend! Excuse me while I take some notes..."

"Running:"

"I could be president... no, I shall be president!"

"Russia"

"And now the formalities are concluded, perhaps you would hear my idea for something I want you to do? It is your choice – at least in one sense."

"I like you, you see. Most people do as I ask when I ask them, but I've seen you stop to think. For someone stupid, that would be a stupid thing to do – but you are not stupid, are you, Presidente? <cf><cf>So please, Presidente – do as I ask."

"Fortunately, there are very good reasons for doing as I ask. I would advise you not to make me spell them out... that seldom ends well for anyone."

"We are celebrating because you helped my goals. So, we have many more bottles to come. Some of them may be half full... but others half empty, Presidente..."

"Well, obedience to my wishes, anyway. You shouldn't obey your emotional impulses, for instance. Or your hunger and thirst! Natural needs, they make you weak. But obeying me will make you strong..."

"Russia Demand"

"Ah, Presidente, welcome. I believe there is a place for you in my new world order."

"I have something I would like you to do for me. Did that sound like a choice? I suppose I must have misspoken."

"I brought you this bottle of vodka. I drank it on the flight, but perhaps you can put a candle in it?"

"I am glad you made the right decision, Presidente. Obedience is always the right decision."

"Presidente? Wait, did I not have you shot? Ah, no, I remember, I had a change of 'heart'."

"Russia Ultimatum Failure"

"Russia's next! We're dealing with bad boys here, Pres, toughened up by decades of political hardship and extra-legal creativity. Why don't you steal a landmark from them and then – here's the clever part – admit you did it! They have my card. Oooh, I'm salivating."

"Global politics, Presidente. The biggest ever game, in which everybody wants something different before they can say they have won. Of course, we all want oil! We want economic strength. We care about our people, or at are least required to spend some time pretending that this is so. But to be Russian, you have to learn to take whatever it is you need to survive."

"Some people make laws, some follow them. Imagine if the people who make laws were also required to abide by those laws? Foolishness! They would simply make laws to benefit themselves, would they not? For some to be above the law – like myself, Vlad Orlov, and like you, El Presidente... this is our only hope for justice."

"S${SwissMoneyAmount}{SuffixSign}"

"SAGI is digesting the data even as we speak. Meanwhile, I believe you won seven different awards for philanthropy from organizations around the world! Way to go, Presidente!"

"SAGI issued {edictname}"

"SAGI will automatically issue Edicts when it calculates a need, Presidente – which will certainly save time! Your Penultimo is an optimist who knows you would never make a bad decision, Presidente... but we really must keep an eye on the decisions this robotic ruler makes, just in case they are... particularly interesting."

"Mancha De Tinta"

"Columnas Rotas"

"Nido De Iguanas"

"Disco"

"Pulpo Azul"

"Destrozado"

"Tres Padres"

"Rosa"

"Lluvia Intensa"

"Dios Ahogado"

"Cocodrilo Enrollado"

"Isla Cuadrada"

"Patito"

"Zarpa Gigante"

"Fuego Aislado"

"SOLD"

"Sabotage"

"Sabotage Axis & Allies"

"Sabotage both the Axis and the Allies"

"The Sabotage raid mission is available for the Commando Garrison."

"Killer of Giants"

"Sabotage the Allies in order to prevent them from issueing harmful actions against you for a time."

"Sabotage: Allies"

"Sabotage the Axis in order to prevent them from issueing harmful actions against you for a time."

"Sabotage: Axis"

"Sabotage China in order to prevent them from issueing harmful actions against you for a time."

"Sabotage: China"

"Sabotage the Eastern Bloc in order to prevent them from issueing harmful actions against you for a time."

"Sabotage: Eastern Bloc"

"Sabotage the European Union in order to prevent them from issueing harmful actions against you for a time."

"Sabotage: EU"

"Sabotage the Middle East in order to prevent them from issueing harmful actions against you for a time."

"Sabotage: Middle East"

"Sabotage Russia in order to prevent them from issueing harmful actions against you for a time."

"Sabotage: Russia"

"Sabotage the USA in order to prevent them from issueing harmful actions against you for a time."

"Sabotage: USA"

"Sabotage the Western Powers in order to prevent them from issueing harmful actions against you for a time."

"Sabotage: Western Powers"

"Saddam Hussein used <q>I Will Always Love You<q> by Whitney Houston as his campaign song."

"Safe House"

"Safe Load"

"Safe… Until the Sequel"

"The Tropico Series"

"Safety First! Purchase lightning rods and extra insurance"

"Canary"

"Safety first! That's the motto of the Tropican military. It's been two hundred days since we had an accident! We believe that to avoid war, you should properly prepare your piece – and make sure you always leave the safety on."

"Crime Safety Happiness Modifiers"

"The crime safety level of the area surrounding a citizen’s home and workplace will affect their safety happiness every time they work or rest. Unemployed citizens with very low safety happiness might secretly decide to become criminals."

"Heist: Saint Basil's Cathedral"

"Saint Basil's Cathedral"

"Shaped like a bonfire and consisting of ten incestuously-entwined churches, this was Ivan the Terrible's gift to the Red Square to commemorate his appalling disrespect of sensible public finances."

"Citizens will visit faith buildings more often. When a citizen loses faith happiness, their other happiness levels are also decreased. When a citizen gains faith happiness, their other happiness levels are increased by {happinessmod}. Increases all tourist ratings. Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"Salutations, Governor! Nice island you have there! Maybe a tiny bit bleak, but nothing a few throw cushions won't cheer up."

"Sand... surf... the sun setting romantically behind the majestic oil platforms... Presidente, I give you the Costa del Petróleo!"

"Sandbox"

"Sandbox Maps"

"Sandbox map"

"Sandstone"

"Santa Anna, president of Mexico, exhumed his shriveled amputated leg, paraded it to Mexico City in an ornate coach and buried it beneath a cemetery monument in an elaborate state funeral that included cannon salvos, poetry, and lofty orations."

"Saparmurat Niyazov, president for life of Turkmenistan from 1990 to 2007, changed the names of the days of the week and renamed calendar months after heroes of the state. He even changed the word for bread, naming it after his beloved mother."

"Saparmurat Niyazov, president of Turkmenistan, told his people that because of a pact made between him and Allah, anybody who read his <q>book of the soul<q> three times would automatically go to heaven."

"Yum!"

"Everything tastes better with candy!"

"Om nom nom nom nom…"

"So full… I couldn't eat another bite."

"'It's just wafer thin', he says…"

"Yay, a lollipop!"

"It's a lot of effort to skip school..."

"Yuk, medicine."

"I am made of iron – metaphorically!"

"Fit as a fiddle, whatever that means…"

"So hungry… I'd eat an envelope."

"They call it a fast, but time is seriously going slow…"

"Ugh, my stomach feels like a warzone."

"The ringing in my ears stopped, but now my vision is all blurry."

"It is so hard to feel really guilty without some assistance."

"Why, God? Why?"

"I know I'm going to hell, but at least I'm going first class."

"Father forgave me too easily… I'll have to really sin next time."

"Feel like I'm going to explode after that critical Mass."

"Yay – Jesus!"

"Sunday School is better than real school – it only lasts an hour!"

"Why is God always so angry…?"

"The spirit is moving within me!"

"God only knows what I'd be without Him."

"I'm too ashamed to speak to the priest… he'll judge me!"

"Think I'm suffering from sermon withdrawal…"

"Let's eat!"

"Oh yeah, my skin feels greasy just looking at that."

"Is three desserts too many?"

"The one thing better than eating is not having to cook it first!"

"I like to count calories – I'm going for a high score!"

"Wayhay!"

"Now that's what I call a good time…"

"I haven't laughed so much in years!"

"We don't have to take our clothes off to have a good time – but it helps!"

"I don't drink to forget, but I can't remember why…"

"Woo!"

"Everything is awesome!"

"I'm having so much fun I think I wet myself!"

"Feeling so buzzed today!"

"I can't take much more fun – I'll rupture a major organ…"

"So bored… I really need this."

"I'm as bored as a blind guy watching a silent movie, so entertain me!"

"Nothing says 'healthy' like a proctology exam."

"The doctor prescribed this placebo – I hope it works!"

"I'm convinced my hypochondria is caused by a brain tumor."

"It's not good medicine if it doesn't taste awful."

"Not sure if my back hurts, or if my kidneys are failing…"

"Save"

"Save Game"

"Save Our Seals!"

"Save failed"

"Save game"

"Save name is too long"

"Save name must not be blank"

"Save name uses invalid character"

"Decreases the upkeep by {upkeepmodpercent}. The ship starts emitting pollution."

"Saved"

"Saving"

"Say 'ciao!' to the new Colosseum of Tropico! Sophisticated animal shows for senators... and more! It's definitely not stolen from Rome. Fact!"

"Say, why don't we make this another of those good times? If I correctly recall, there's a common theme to the memories I favor the most... oh yeah, money! Spend a little to befriend a little – is that something that people say?"

"Scenic Outlook"

"Efficiency scales the service quality. Efficiency is scaled by beauty and the elevation."

"Why merely gaze upon the beauty of nature when a Scenic Outlook provides a coin-operated telescope where tourists can squint uncomfortably at something blurry in the distance?"

"Scenic View"

"Scent Spray"

"School Buildings"

"Schoolchildren in North Korea were taught that Kim Jong-il never defecated. Not once."

"Schoolless"

"Schools for {education}"

"Score! Hackers FTW!"

"Scramble this channel immediately! The code word is Borscht! We have twenty seconds from... now!"

"Scrapheap Scrounging"

"Screens"

"Screw that! Everyone wants a richer Tropico, Presidente. Tourism! Foreign money! Open borders make everyone feel freer. And hey – if a few tourists stick around, it means more taxes. Win-win!"

"Scroll"

"Sea Disposal"

"Sea Water Pipeline"

"Sea-Lab Studies"

"Seal Clubbers"

"Seal Their Fate"

"Seas of lemonade? Beaches of gingerbread? Presidente – it was much, much better than that!"

"Seasonal Cleaning"

"Second Shift"

"Secret Hideaway"

"Secret Protocol"

"Adds an additional in-stock for coconuts. Mined gold will be hidden in coconuts before it is picked up by teamsters."

"Secure Disposal Appliances"

"Big-Pocketed Boiler Suits"

"Security Checkpoint"

"Efficiency scales the chance to uncover hidden roles."

"Nothing says 'protecting liberty' quite like a Security Checkpoint. Do you have your papers? Is this really you in this photograph? Uncomfortable scrutiny is your passport to freedom!"

"Security Checkpoint near Embassy"

"Security Controls"

"Security surveillance"

"It being recognized that not all Citizens hold adequate commitment to the Security of the State, it shall henceforth be resolved that all persons designated as a Person of Interest shall be deemed Suspicious Until Proven Harmless, this assessment not to be withheld merely due to the absence of Evidence."

"Security checkpoints are prohibited from discovering hidden roles. Increases the global liberty by {globalLibertyIncreasePrivacyRights}."

"Seed"

"Seems we might have mistimed our plundering this time! There was some kind of super-solstice, or equinox, or ultravox, or something going on when we arrived. I reckon we could have taken 'em, but the gang is superstitious about men in dresses. We've no choice but to wait out the current moon cycle…"

"Seismic Engineering"

"Select"

"Select El Presidente"

"Select Fisher"

"Select Game"

"Select Map"

"Select Mission"

"Refit the building to produce different resources."

"Select a {BuildingState} building"

"Select a {BuildingState} {BuildingName}"




"Send Delegation"

"Send Financial Support ({money})"

"Send Helicopter"

"Send Military - The closest military squad will resolve the protest by force. Protestors will remember this."

"Send Savegame"

"Send Screenshot"

"Send a delegation to this superpower, triggering a demand"

"Send orders to put this person into an asylum. The person gets an indifferent view on all political topics. Institutionalizing a faction leader has a chance of turning their moderate supporters indifferent. Decreases the approval of the institutionalized citizen's family, increasing the risk of them becoming rebels."

"Send your pirates to plunder the Spanish schooner Lord Wyndham mentioned, but let´s take the treasure for ourselves and sink the vessel instead."

"Sends a request to the player to support you with {amount}."

"Send commandos on a heist for a world wonder."

"Send pirates on a heist for a world wonder."

"Standard output rate."

"Sensitive Protocol"

"Sep"

"Separation Of Powers"

"Separation: "

"September"

"Seriously? Look at this real time online informatic showing what Tropico really needs. I just need to log in, enter my credit card number, solve fifty Robot Tests... oh, it took me back to the first page. You might have to just trust me on this one."

"Serve and Protect"

"Servers are too busy to handle the request right now."

"Service Quality"

"Service quality is decreased by {servqualmod}. Provides a liberty value of {liberty} to visiting citizens. Visiting citizens lose approval."

"Increases service quality by {ServQual}. Child tourists will also prefer this building."

"Increases service quality by {ServQual}. The building requires an additional {PowSupp} MW of electrical power. Relaxation tourists will also prefer this building."

"Housing quality is increased by {resqualmod}. Job quality is decreased by {jobmod}. Thrill-seeking tourists will prefer this building."

"Increases service quality by {servqualmod} and fee by {feemod}. Job quality is decreased by {jobmod}. Required wealth level for visitors is rich. Relaxation tourists will prefer this building."

"Service is temporarily unavailable."

"Increases the service quality by {ServQual}. The building requires {PowSupp} MW of electrical power."

"Increases the service quality by {ServQual}. The building requires additional {PowSupp}MW of electrical power."

"The building requires {PowSupp} MW of electrical power. Service quality is increased by {ServQual}. Increases upkeep by {upkeepmod}."

"Session has been lost on the backend."

"Set <q>Humane Exploit<q>"

"Set <q>Regular Controls<q>"

"Set <q>Tourists Only<q>"

"Set 1x Speed"

"Set 4x Speed"

"Pause Time"

"Set Starting Date to {Day}.{Month}.{Year} (DD.MM.YYYY)"

"Set at least one recipient."

"Set both Cattle Ranches to the <q>Humane Exploit<q> work mode"

"Set budget for all buildings"

"Set budget for all buildings of the same type"

"Set budget level for {buildingName} to {budgetLevel}"

"Set budget level of {BuildingName} at least to {BudgetLevel}"

"Set budget level of {BuildingName} to {BudgetLevel}"

"Set diplomatic state of {power} to {state}"

"Set disaster flag {flag}"

"Set Knowledge to {delta}"

"Set the Arcade on Waterfall Island to <q>Tourists Only<q>."

"Set the Constitution on {constitutionTopic} to {constitutionOption}"

"Set the budget of your cattle ranches to maximum."

"Set the game speed to 4x."

"Set the game to normal speed."

"Set timeflow to {Timeflow}"

"Set tourist origin to {origin}"

"Set workmode for all buildings"

"Set {building} on fire"

"Setback"

"Decreases the chance of the building catching fire."

"Increases the fire rate by {fireRate} while in <q>Man the Ramparts<q> work mode. Decreases upkeep by {upkeepmod}. The risk for catching fire is reduced."

"Decreases the construction costs of all residential buildings by {prodcostmod}. The edict runs for {durationYears} years and has a cooldown of {cooldownYears} years."

"Decreases construction costs of all industrial buildings by {costmod}. The edict runs for {durationYears} years and has a cooldown of {cooldownYears} years."

"Shack"

"This compact and bijou dwelling, or 'Shack', is a classic example of bespoke Tropican architecture – it is made of 100% recycled material."

"Shackland"

"Shacks"

"Shader Quality"

"Shadow Quality"

"Shady Deal"

"Shake, Rattle, and Roll – deploy seismologists to take ineffectual readings"

"Shame about the nuclear program, Presidente. Those EU bureau-rats are total killjoys. But we've hit our financial target, so let's pop the champagne!"

"Share Code"

"Share Knowledge"

"Shared Seats"

"Sharing is Caring"

"Shaving Pens"

"She also sent these plans for a new type of dwelling. The Party calls them 'joy divisions'. They are very space efficient, and workers who live in them are more equal due to the scientific positioning of the toilet. But no comrade should live in isolation..."

"Case in point, Presidente – it is clear that there are a small number of very rich people here in Tropico, and this will not do. The Party prefers a large number of poor people, so please tax the wealthy. And remember that the Party is correct!"

"She cannae take it, Presidente, she needs more power!"

"Sheep Conveyor Line"

"Shellfish"

"Shhh! My Governor, we must talk. But not too loudly, as walls have ears! And not too softly, or we shall not hear one another and will be forced to repeat ourselves."

"Shift"

"Shipping Magnet"

"Shipyard"

"The Shipyard turns planks, aluminium, or steel into seaworthy vessels, something often considered to be useful by those who live on islands."

"Shiver me timbers! It was suddenly pilgrimage season and we were surrounded!"

"Shoot the Moon"

"Shopping Mall"

"The local hangout for Tropican zombies, the shopping mall is the place to go to eat food inspired by twenty countries, freeze dried, reheated, and turned into generic sludge."

"Short"

"Shorten mandate time by {MandateMonths} months"

"Should have active ultimatum from any faction"

"Should have an active guidance task"

"Should not have an active guidance task"

"Should not have an active ultimatum from any faction"

"Show Profile"

"Show gamercard"

"Show on Construction Screen"

"Show Off"

"Show the construction UI"

"Displays a newsfeed message to the player."

"Showing Notification"

"Showtime"

"Shuttered"

"Shuttling"

"Sight-Seething"

"Sign Constitution"

"Sign Contract"

"Sign Non-Aggression Pact"

"Sign Transparency Pact"

"Declare Independence and pay the Crown!"

"Decide on mandatory topics and sign the new constitution."

"Sign the new Constitution"

"Signed"

"Signing this trade route will lead to an embargo with {superpower}. Are you sure?"

"Silence is Golden"

"Silver"

"Simplicity, that's my motto! If we have more gadgets, we'll forget how to work with our hands! Here, Presidente – while you consider my proposal, try this mung bean casserole I made from recycled newspaper!"

"Since you're all set up as a bastion of law and order, Pres, how would you like a few more criminals?"

"Since you've gone and proved that there's idiots who'll buy tickets to your Tropico Series, it stands to reason we better put some games on. I'll see what I can do about the 'national U.S. team'… maybe the little leagues would like some free exposure..."

"Since your people can now breathe a sigh of relief without it harming them, consider us even."

"Single"

"The building operates on basic settings and produces juice from either in-stock."

"Single Fruit Flavor"

"Single-payer system"

"The matter of the Cost of Maintaining the Health of the Citizenry being of such Import as to require Substantial Subsidization, it shall be ensured that even Vagrants, Wastrels, Vagabonds, Profligates, and Rakes be accorded their Right to State-funded Medical Interference."

"On base efficiency {swissBankTransfer} of export revenues are transferred to your Swiss Bank Account."

"Sir, it appears that we need more pirates. We need a recruitment drive! Find ourselves some prospective pirates who just don't know it yet!"

"Sir, the men are in position – but we need an insider before we are go for Operation Spooky Kabuki."

"Sir, we are unable to move the giant stone heads without a large number of wooden rollers or a kind of twin-rotor helicopter we haven't invented yet."

"Sir, yes sir, the operation is back on target!"

"Sister Francesca"

"Increases upkeep by {upkeepmodpercent}. Electric power output is increased by {prodmodpercent}. The housing quality of buildings in the vicinity is decreased by an additional {hqmamount}."

"Sixty-four RPM"

"Size"

"Size: "

"Skilled Workers"

"Complexion"

"Skip Cutscene"

"Skyscraper Hotel"

"The Skyscraper Hotel offers the vertiginous pleasure of a luxury glass elevator with a hundred buttons so some rascal can hit every one just before you get inside."

"Fair-quality accommodation with {residences} rooms. Guests must be rich or better."

"Skyscraper Hotel near Embassy"

"Skyscraper near Embassy"

"Sleeper Cell"

"Persuade up to {sleepers} citizens of {Playername} to act as foreign spies."

"Slots of {Building} closed"

"Slush Fund"

"Slush Funds"

"Small"

"Size S Park near Embassy"

"Small Parcel Growth"

"It may not be the largest green space available, but this park is perfect for afternoon tea or nighttime muggings."

"Smear Campaign"

"Smear Campaign!"

"Smelting Everything"

"Smoke and Mirrors"

"Smuggle"

"Smuggle out gold, unnoticed and unseen!"

"Smugglers"

"Smuggling rum for a master criminal was no more than a hobby, really – for even the most masterful of master criminals is small fry to you. But bad luck knows no etiquette, and we soon discovered that he was number one on the Allies' wanted list! So began our crash course in crime and punishment..."

"Sniffer Dogs"

"Snooty Booty!"

"Snorkel Bay"

"Offering the chance to swim with dolphins, sharks, and raw sewage, the Snorkel Bay beach site turns nature into a theme park just by renting cheap plastic diving gear."

"So I need you to get to whatever we've got, if you've got the guts. Expand, Governor, expand! Go to all the islands and find me things to sell! Are you listening, or are your ears just painted on?!"

"So I shall draft a letter to Proximo! <q>Dear Proximo, The Isla de las Casas Modestas is a tremendous success (if you don't rate success in terms of quality of life). Our population is bigger, my Presidente is better than yours, and you are ugly. WE WIN. Signed, Penultimo (winner!)<q>"

"So I wish to offer you a way to make amends. A token will suffice – a gesture of our unhindered friendship. You know I have more money than any man could ever need... but no man can ever have enough respect."

"So I'm going to ask you to build a proper garbage dump, to help people keep their shacks spick and span. Ready? Can you build a proper garbage dump, Presidente? Hehe, see what I did there?"

"Picayunimo's man spilled the beans on the Big Enchilada, but before I give you the nod, you've got to fill up my Swiss Bank Account. I took all the risks, it's only fair that I get paid. Again. And then – the Enchilada's a wrap."

"So here's our offer. Cut your ties with Hexxon and responsibly decommission those filthy, seal murdering oil rigs... and the First Lady will make some calls. Yeah? It would put everything back where we started. How's that for neato?"

"So if there is a lesson here, it is not that we should try and understand science better, it is surely that we should try every crazy idea and worry about the consequences later. Later is the best time for everything, don’t you agree?"

"So let us look to the good times ahead! I promise many types of wealth – including full stomachs! From here on, the word 'Tropico' will be synonymous with abundance... for all!"

"So let's disrespect some world leaders! They declare war on you, I sell them guns, you get 20% sales value of each and every round! It's never been more fun to dodge bullets. So, if we insult the EU first... which do you think'll annoy them the most?"

"So many of the problems we face are the fault of the Americans! They are so fickle! One minute they train and arm your soldiers, the next they denounce you on television!"

"So many ways to juice the fruits of the Tropican economy!"

"So much fun! What shall we bet on next, Presidente? I know – let us race to bring our staff to the islands! I myself have several thousand assorted staff."

"So tell me, this saboteur... nobody knows who this is? Nobody. And you send your best men to find out? And they are humiliated. See this little vein on my temple, Presidente? See how it throbs? Ask not for whom the vein throbs, Presidente; it throbs for thee."

"So vote El Presidente for the future that you deserve! All of you! Viva Tropico!"

"So we turn to you, my Governor, and ask – will you declare independence from the Crown? If you think you have enough support... throw off the shackles of servitude and claim your place in the books of history!"

"So we've a lot of options in the future and a lot of futures to option, as long as the future's in futures and options remain optimal. Trust me, I know what I'm talking about!"

"So while we do that research, let's talk 'ethics'. This is new to me! Apparently scientists shouldn't do something just because they can? Have you heard of 'ethics', Presidente? No, it's new to me, too..."

"So, Presidente, your concerted efforts to expel the invaders have resulted in them moving in permanently. Reverse psychology, I presume?"

"So, it seems that we are unable to find gold. The Crown isn't angry, Governor, the Crown is merely disappointed."

"So, let us enjoy these stories of the past. And what better place to start than the time you first met your loyal Penultimo, oh most successful Presidente? It was like the first sunrise of my life..."

"So, sure, food speculation, that's a hot topic. And a deal like this would push bananas out of the financial range of most people. But that just makes bananas special again! And surely everyone expects the banana market to be a bit bent?"

"So, the war's over, and we're planning to ramp down our arbitrary bombing program over the next few months. In the meantime, there's suddenly lots of people without homes. No idea why, but it's a complete epidemic! Can you take some refugees?"

"So, yes, some people get nervous when uranium is mentioned. It gets bad press. But we professional scientists consider it to be quite safe, at least in geological time. And it's the perfect stuff to give a project that extra little zing! We, ah... need quite a lot. Please?"

"So, you know that my statue comes in two pieces. But you're too late! Even now, my spies are closing in on all the places that Bandana Gomez took the statue... They will find the second piece and escape long before you have any clue of its true nature!"

"So, you're capturing my spies? It's futile, they'll never talk! What? They already told you everything?! That's strange, they never talked to me."

"So. It now costs money to enter the church. I don't know why we didn't think of a 'sanctuary tax' sooner – I'm always looking for ways to feel more guilty."

"Social media is buzzing, that's for sure. People are saying that it's just a cover to root out spies from Santa Tonto! But that's just paranoia, right, Presidente? Presidente?"

"Social media's on fire! (Not literally). That means that we've loads of awesome data for SAGI! We've also got some copycat tree chopping, now they've been outed as evil fire hazards. But I hear they grow back."

"Sofia Ortega"

"Soil Degradation"

"Crops"

"Animal husbandry and farming leach the ground around over time. The degradation in turn decreases local crop and livestock conditions."

"Increases the power production by {electmodpercentage}. The solar power plant deteriorates over time."

"Solar Overload"

"Solar Panel Windows"

"Solar Power Plant"

"The Solar Power Plant is the ultimate in green electricity... provided you ignore the hydrochloric acid, sulfuric acid, nitric acid, hydrogen fluoride, trichloroethane, and acetone used to make photovoltaic cells."

"Sold Out"

"Soldier"

"Soldiers"

"Soldiers are required to have at least a high school education. Damage of squads is increased by {damageIncrease}. Militarists standing is increased by {militaristsStandingIncrease}."

"If a worker has their healthcare happiness lower than {HeathTreshold} they will receive healthcare service with a quality of {HeathTreshold}. If a worker has their faith happiness lower than {FaithTreshold} they will receive faith service with a quality of {FaithTreshold}."

"Soldiers require no education. In case of military conflicts each barracks will provide one militia squad."

"Solid Business"

"Some"

"Some buildings can operate on different work modes that affect the function of a building. They can improve certain aspects while hindering others, or even change the main purpose of the building entirely. In contrast to upgrades, work modes can be switched at any time, allowing you to react to changing circumstances.<cf><cf>Inspect the work modes of the buildings involved in your leather export chain to further improve the workflow performance."

"Some buildings like the Ministry require a blueprint before you can construct them as usual. Blueprints can be purchased on the construction screen."

"Some civilians still live on the island, but only via a daring survival gambit! They have stolen novelty squirrel-tail hats from the gift shop and are learning how to chitter and blend in! <cf><cf>We must keep on fighting to make your dream of Tropicoland come true!"

"Most edicts can be toggled on and off. By having them run for a certain time, those edicts can be leveled up, which decreases their running costs, improves their effects, or mitigates their negative effects.<cf><cf>In contrast, some edicts have a fixed effect and can only be issued again after a cooldown time has passed. These cannot be levelled up."

"Some entertainment buildings can be set to not serve citizens. But, be careful not to neglect your citizens in favor of tourists!"

"Some goods can be processed into refined goods that have better export prices. That's the job of Industrial buildings in general. You can process the hides from your Cattle Ranch into leather using a Tannery.<cf><cf>Instead of bringing them to the dock for export, Teamster trucks will deliver hides to the Tannery when it is constructed and connected to the road network. As long as the Tannery is staffed and has hides on stock it will use them to produce leather."

"Some immigrants"

"Some of our listeners may have noticed the large foreign fleet offshore. But all true Tropicans know the difference between a blockade and an invasion!"

"Oppressed citizens will become rebels and later join the guerrillas that are planning to overthrow you. Unemployment motivates people to become criminal, draining money from the system. Foreign Spies planted by Superpowers support the guerrillas.<cf><cf>Rebels, Criminals, Foreign Spies and worse – their shared similarity is that they hide their true identities at first. All are potentially harmful, so uncovering them is the first step if you want to deal with them. Watchtowers will randomly uncover the hidden roles of citizens nearby, while Security Checkpoints check vehicles passing through them."

"Some people really struggle to get the message, apparently. Maybe we should leave it on a little yellow sticky note? These unpatriotic fools must be dealt with, once and for all, so do what you must, but don't tell me too much – I'm squeamish."

"Some report mild loneliness! It is vital to the cause that the comrades remain optimistic. If you could cooperate with us on this request, we would cooperate on a small party to raise our morale!"

"Some say that the Red Star newspaper prints only bald-faced Communist propaganda. How ridiculous! There is also a small crossword!"

"Something Something"

"Something does not feel quite right, Governor. I have a powerful desire to call you... Presidente!"

"Sometimes I even think that we owe your enemies a debt, Presidente. They made you strong! Strong enough to overcome any challenge, strong enough to rule forever. And I have learned so much from behind your back. So, let us toast, Presidente, one last time… Viva Tropico!"

"Sometimes two factions will have a demand at the same time, forcing you to choose sides - even if their request is the same! In this situation you will always lose standing towards at least the rejected faction. Dismissing a dual demand will anger both. After making the decision, the dual demand will turn into a regular demand."

"Sometimes you have to keep a careful eye on your neighbors, don't you? They might be coveting your wife, or your ass, or the number to your Swiss Bank Account. Can't be too careful! So let's be particularly careful with our neighbors, wherever they are. It's the prudent thing to do."

"Sometimes you need to resort to unconventional means to help achieve your goals. This is when you use raiders to do your dirty work: Pirates, Commandos, Spies and Hackers - all of them are children of their respective eras and have a dedicated building.<cf><cf>While working, raiders generate raid points which you require to send them on missions. Once a mission is started, the raiders gather and depart from Tropico for some time until they return successfully."

"Sorry, I ran all the way here from my office down the corridor, because my balding little professor has discovered a Pitz pit! (At least, a completely random formation of rocks that is almost certainly a Pitz pit!) If we develop it, Presidente, an authentic Tropican Pitz Series can be played there!"

"Sorry, Presidente, but it appears you failed to do that little favor we asked for? Can't remember what it was... something to do with marmalade? Anyway, poor show."

"Sorry, old chap, but it seems I had the wrong measure of you! Turns out you're a few inches short of a yard…"

"Sort by Auto Export"

"Sort by Deviation"

"Sort by Import/Export"

"Sort by Name"

"Sort by Price"

"Sort by Trade Partner"

"Source:"

"Souvenir Shop"

"Efficiency scales the service quality. Efficiency is scaled nearby by World Wonders."

"Commemorate your vacation with a fridge magnet shaped like Tropico, a T-shirt shaped like Tropico, or a tin of sweets that have all stuck together, to become shaped like Tropico."

"Space Hitchhikers"

"Space Program"

"Efficiency scales the increase of knowledge generation of other buildings."

"Technology means a nation doesn't have to be big to be a contender. From 50 miles up, Tropico is invisible – but the superpowers are still pretty easy to spot."

"Space Program Mission"

"Space Program Work Mode"

"Space mission found Aliens - You have gained unlimited knowledge."

"You salvaged the asteroid for {money} and {swissmoney}."

"Space mission found some travelers. +{count} Immigrants with college education and {PEamount} personal experience each."

"Now I confess, we don't know where these strange obelisks have come from, nor how they work, nor really if they are safe to use, but it basically seems as if now have infinite knowledge of the workings of the universe. They're really black, too."

"Our probe discovered an asteroid rich in rare earth metals like adamantium, nevermorium, and unobtainium. But it's not just ores with silly names that we found – there's some valuable stuff too! It's like finding a gold mine – but in space!"

"When we opened the probe there were a bunch of stowaways aboard carrying towels and listening to fish. Who knows where they came from! But they seem happy to settle on Tropico, and as far as I can tell they are mostly harmless."

"Spain"

"Sparkle Like a Wealthy Woman's Neck"

"Spatial Sense Prodigy"

"Create {routes} export trade routes with {exportMod} price deviation for the next {cycles} trade offers."

"Create {routes} import trade routes with {importMod} price deviation for the next {cycles} trade offers."

"Spawn 10 random special trade routes with +40 % (export) / -40 % (import) trade price for the next 2 trade route cycles"

"Spawn multiple perfect ratings for every tourist type."

"Spawning agent with role {AgentType}"

"Speakeasy"

"Speaking of boats, we're in the same one when it comes to keeping my fellow industrialists happy. I suggest we both row in the same direction lest Tropico's economy capsizes."

"Speaking of seconds, does someone need to second your motions on the constitution? Of course not! You are the law, you're the first and only, second to none. So it doesn't really matter why you changed your mind about the constitutional law, does it, or who paid you what. Of course not...!"

"Speaking of souls, I'd imagine that El Presidente is looking forward to joining me in heaven, rather than going to… the other place. The good shepherd looks after the sheep, don't you agree?"

"Special Actions"

"Special Chocolate"

"Adds an additional in-stock for pharmaceuticals. Produced chocolate will be enhanced with pharmaceuticals before it is picked up by teamsters."

"Special Citizens"

"Special Rules"

"Special Tax"

"Special Training"

"Special Momentum"

"Speech Part 1"

"Speed"

"Speedway"

"Spelling Bee"

"Spend {money}"

"Spies are departing"

"Spies are gathering"

"Spies are returning"

"Spies arrested"

"Spiked Helmet"

"Spikes"

"Irregular"

"Split"

"Sponsored Content"

"Given the Citizenry's vested interest in being Appropriately Entertained, Judiciously Informed, and Suitably Stupefied, the Government vouches henceforth to Subsidize, Underwrite, and Contribute such Munerary Stipends as are requisite to the Maintenance of Public Order and Support for the Ongoing Excellence of the Establishment."

"Sports Talent"

"Spot is already taken"

"Spy Academy"

"This is not a Spy Academy… if it was, I'd have to kill you. Pay no attention to the yard full of agents training for raids by testing implausible gadgets."

"Sports Car"

"Spy Car"

"Spy cars... spy boats... spy scooters – you can't be a secret agent without something cool to crash and blow up."

"Send spies on a heist for a world wonder."

"The damage is increased by {damageIncrease}. Fighter planes cause no collateral damage. Every attack run costs {cost} before it can be initiated."

"Squad Members"

"Squads deployed by this building use a truck to reach their destination."

"Square"

"Square - Size L (2x2)"

"Square - Size XL (2x3)"

"Square - Size XXL (3x3)"

"A public square is a great way to placate citizens’ complaints about ugly neighborhoods using nothing more than spare concrete slabs, cheap greenery, and humdrum water features."

"Squirrel Mountain"

"Squirrel Shock"

"Squirrel Mountain is especially close to my heart. My original plan involved a roller coaster through the mountain itself! But we cannot afford that, so I built a gift shop instead. It sells squirrel-tailed hats!"

"Stack Them Higher"

"Stadium"

"Ironically, sports referees are some of the most incorruptible people in Tropico. With so many people trying to bribe, threaten or otherwise influence them, honesty is the only practical solution."

"Stage a Distraction"

"Stage a distraction to complete this ultimatum ({distractions} uses left)."

"Stalin had a secret lab to analyze the feces of other foreign leaders for the purpose of constructing psychological portraits."

"Stand by Tradition"

"Standard Cost per 1k units:"

"Standard Fabrication"

"Standard Income per 1k units:"

"Standard Process"

"Standard-Price: {Price}"

"Standby for termination of communication… other terminations may follow."

"No raid in progress"

"Standing Modifiers"

"Relation:"

"Relation: {value}"

"Start Game"

"Start Mission"

"Start Map"

"Start Position"

"Start and complete the heist for Stonehenge."

"Start invasion with {squadcount}|plural(one=squad,other=squads)"

"Start multiple construction"

"Start oil export"

"Start quickbuild construction"

"Start space mission"

"Start the construction of a nuclear bomb. After the construction, the bomb has to be maintained to keep it ready. While the bomb is ready no superpower will launch an invasion."

"Start {RebelAction}"

"Starting Era"

"Starting Money"

"Starting Population"

"Starting Shift"

"Starting era: "

"Starting mission in {raidBuilding}..."

"Starting money: "

"Starting population: "

"Increases the efficiency of all high schools and colleges by {effmod}. Increases the upkeep of all high schools and colleges by {upkeepmod}."

"Starvation"

"State-Approved Doctor"

"State Controlled Media"

"The Government of Tropico, being the Wholly True and Unequivocally Accurate Voice of the People, shall be tasked with the Duty of Care for those Institutions, Activities, Publications, Periodicals, and Transmissions that inform, entertain, or admonish the Citizens with Appropriate and Unfaltering Concern."

"Increases the attack range of all defensive buildings by {rangemod} on base efficiency."

"Static Defense"

"Statistics"

"Statue of Liberty"

"In the history of the Americas, France has provided only three things: this copper statue, the name of the 'French fry', and an easy target for international derision."

"Status"

"Fort Hypothesis"

"Stay as You Are"

"Stay tuned as we continue our coverage of the greatest Presidente of the greatest nation on the greatest planet!"

"Stay vigilant, Presidente! Subversives are everywhere! Heck, I might be one!"

"Task hackers to perform a heist for the Neuschwanstein Castle."

"Send spies on a heist for the Saint Basil's Cathedral."

"Task hackers to perform a heist for the Temple of Heaven."

"Task hackers to perform a heist for the Great Pyramid at Giza."

"Task hackers to perform a heist for the White House."

"Task hackers to perform a heist for the Winter Palace."

"Stealing His Thunder"

"Heist: Stonehenge"

"Heist: Statue of Liberty"

"Heist: Brandenburg Gate"

"Heist: Eiffel Tower"

"Heist: Hagia Sophia"

"Heist: Hikone Castle"

"Heist: Registan of Samarkand"

"Heist: Taj Mahal"

"Steel"

"Steel Mill"

"Tropican steel, made in Tropican Steel Mills, is sometimes called citrus steel due to the use of fresh limes in its manufacture. They give it an authentic Caribbean zest."

"Send spies on a heist for the Colosseum of Rome."

"Stetson"

"Sticks and Stones"

"Still no joy with the tourists, huh? They probably think your country is poor. Hey, it is poor, it's full of poor people."

"Still, I cannot stand all this mistrust and uncertainty – wars should be about one big army crushing another one with superior numbers, not about 'intelligence' and all this cloak and dagger nonsense. I'm sure a real war is just around the corner… let's be properly prepared!"

"Still... be on your guard, Presidente! Crush these rebel troublemakers at the first sign of trouble! Then the safety of your people, and of our fine upstanding nation, is guaranteed!"

"Stimulate Exports"

"Stimulate Trade"

"Stolen World Wonder: {landmarkName}"

"Theft Losses (last twelve months)"

"Stone Garden"

"Stonehenge"

"Perhaps the world's most famous and unwieldy timepiece, this Neolithic ring of standing stones has all the architectural grandeur of a pile of rocks."

"Makes trees grow around the monument. Increases the renaturation rate in which pollution is reduced over time. Increases all tourist ratings. Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"Don't repeat this raid"

"Stop Time"

"Stop the demolition process."

"Storage"

"Teamster Port"

"Efficiency scales the storage capacity of the teamsters deployed by the Teamster Port."

"Tropicans tend to acquire lots of crates, barrels and old rope – it's an island thing. A certain amount of storage chaos actually can help some... business endeavors."

"Stow the nonsense and buy sturdy, traditional, stainless steel tanks – like your competition. You'll also need a trained workforce, not 'Whipple-Scrumpets from the Amazon basin'. However, if you cease to indulge the follies of childish imagination, Presidente, I believe we can do business."

"Reinforce Buildings"

"Strike"

"Strike a Shady Deal with a Crime Lord"

"Strike has ended."

"Strong"

"Stucco Walls"

"Student"

"Students"

"Sub Quest"

"Increases the efficiency of all agricultural buildings by {effmod}. Increases the upkeep of those buildings by {upkeepmodpercent}. Decreases capitalist standing by {factionmod 1}. Increases communist standing by {factionmod 0}."

"Even poor citizens can use cars. Decreases capitalist standing by {factionmod 0}. Increases communist standing by {factionmod 1}.<cf><cf>The edict costs {cost} per month."

"Citizens pay no rent. Decreases capitalist standing by {factionmod 0}. Increases communist standing by {factionmod 1}."

"Subtropical"

"Success, Governor! Wyndham believes the cargo lost! He has no idea you are hiding it all in your second bathroom."

"Success, Presidente – beyond the original parameters!"

"Such a shame, then, that our trip to the factory was such an anti-climax. I was expecting rivers of chocolate and forests of candy cane trees! Maybe even a tribe of implausibly painted little people! But it was just a factory. Presidente – let us build our own factories, and show Wonkweister how to really make chocolate!"

"Suddenly Solstice"

"Sugar"

"Sugar Plantation"

"Summary"

"Sunny Afternoon"

"Sunny Flowers"

"Super Fast Speed"

"Supercool Rides"

"Superdummy"

"Superpower"

"Superpower Defence"

"Superpower Sabotage"

"Superpower Relations"

"Superpower Aids"

"Improves the Superpower relation. Has a cooldown of 24 months."

"The Superpower will give you financial support. Worsens the Superpower relation while not being in an alliance. Has a cooldown of 60 months."

"Superpower {SuperpowerState}"

"Superpowers"

"Superpowers bribed"

"Superstition Intuition"

"Supervised AI"

"Sells edible goods to provide food to the household of visiting citizens. Sells consumer goods to increase all happiness values of visiting citizens and their households. Visitors must be at least poor."

"Supply Local Market"

"Supply Military"

"Supply all Arcades with power"

"Support"

"Supply Local Business"

"Support Neighbors"

"Support Public Services"

"Support eco-warriors saving the seals by paying them"

"Support the Intellectuals´ “resaurination research” and turn your archipelago into a very special tourist paradise."

"Supportive"

"Supra Surface 3000 Mega"

"Sure!"

"Sure! I will take care of your money. ( Get 20.000 $ )"

"Sure! here you go."

"Sure, we need to modernize, but Tropico has always been a farming nation, Presidente. The people have roots in the land! They want the dirt back under their fingernails!"

"Surely you know the risks of getting on the wrong side of the army? Please don't make me sit on a junta, Presidente… I don't want to be a politician!"

"Crime Wave"

"Survey shows Tropicans to be open minded! Survey to be repeated. #mytropico4life"

"Survive"

"Survive a military coup."

"Survive all of Wyndham's attacks"

"Survive the Crown attack"

"Survive the Axis attack"

"Survive the war"

"Sushi Mastery"

"Work shift duration is increased by {worktickmodpercent}. The production rate is decreased by {prodmodpercent} and the job quality is decreased by {jobmodpercent}. Workers have a {diechance} risk of dying at the end of their shift."

"Sweatshop"

"Sweet Chocolate"

"Swiss Bank Account"

"Swiss Bank Account:"

"Swiss Bank Asset:"

"Swiss Money"

"Swiss victory: "

"Switch Screen"

"Switch Tab"

"Switch the Dock work mode from <q>Sniffer Dogs<q> to <q>Regular Controls<q>"

"Switch to archipelago view"

"New job, new problems…"

"Symbolic"

"Synchronized start in progress, please wait..."

"T"

"Send spies to steal random building blueprints from other nations."

"Espionage: Blueprints"

"Send spies to steal a random regime tool like an edict, building work modes or a constitution topic from other nations."

"Espionage: Regime Tool"

"Send spies to steal Knowledge Points from other nations."

"Espionage: Knowledge"

"Pirates will 'find' castaways with no distinguished focus in mind, expecting some."

"Rescue: Any"

"Pirates will 'find' castaways with a focus on their education, only expecting a few."

"Rescue: Educated"

"Pirates will 'find' castaways with a focus on their amount, expecting many."

"Rescue: Many"

"The TAO Index is based on your current Tourist Rating and can be increased by additional points you can earn from completing quests."

"TAO Index"

"TEST TRAIT"

"Request for Transparency Pact"

"TV Station"

"You cannot truly claim to have made it as a nation until you have a TV Station broadcasting populist garbage interspersed with mind-numbing commercials for products you couldn't possibly need."

"TV campaign"

"Tacky Toys"

"Taj Mahal"

"The Taj Mahal provides a foolproof method by which to check whether you are in the Darkest Timeline. If so, the white building will be neighbored by a pitch-black twin."

"Every dead citizen bequeaths their fortune to the state of Tropico. Increases all tourist ratings. Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"2-4-6-8, who knows how to enunciate?"

"What do we want? Time travel! When do we want it? Yesterday!"

"Viva la revolución!"

"Red five standing by."

"Talent Scouts"

"Talk about acting against type! Building mansions to solve the homeless problem has the whole internet talking!"

"Tall Spirally Topiary"

"Tally Ho!"

"Tank"

"Tanks"

"Leather!"

"Tannery"

"It makes good financial sense to use all of an animal. A Tannery turns leftovers into stylish leather, beloved by furniture-makers and young troublemakers alike."

"Target"

"Task"

"Task victory: "

"Tasks"

"Tasks completed"

"Tavern"

"All Tropican Taverns serve the nation's signature cocktail – the Rum Deal – which consists of rum, coconut, rum, pineapple, rum, grenadine, rum, and rum. Some bartenders add slice of lime... and a dash of rum."

"Tax Cut"

"Tax Evasion"

"Tax Haven"

"Taxing the wealthy sure doesn't sound like any way to win favor as far as I'm concerned, but so long as we all have offshore bank accounts, who cares, right?"

"Team"

"Team 1"

"Team 2"

"Team Member"

"Teamster's Office"

"Teamster"

"Teamsters' Office Description"

"Efficiency scales the storage capacity of the teamsters."

"Without a Teamster's Office, no goods get moved from one place to another. Even with one, don't hold your breath for a swift delivery."

"Tech Talk"

"Teleferic Station"

"Efficiency scales the increase of housing quality nearby."

"Why do so many citizens trust their lives to the engineers who build these cable cars when they don't trust their politicians to have enacted any safety tolerances...? One of the great mysteries of Modern Tropico!"

"Telenovela"

"Television! A truly collectivist medium, bringing the workers together within their very homes. There is no better way to spread the wonderful – albeit addictive – consumption of strong, positive, egalitarian messages! And, of course, to promote your brave commitment to the struggle, Presidente!"

"Tell me more"

"Tell you what, I have a bunch of privatized prisons back home, and I bet you can't make more money from penitentiaries here. What? Criminals have to do time, don't they? And we make money from that time, because time is money – it's the circle of cash!"

"Tell you what, I'll take a chance that this is all going to work out and do you a solid. I'll move into an embassy here in Tropico. I don't mind slumming it for a while. But it's got to be safe, you know, and not 'European safe' – American safe."

"Temple of Heaven"

"The Mandate of Heaven allowed a Chinese Emperor to rule forever... unless a successful rebellion showed that heaven had withdrawn its mandate. In Tropico, this second part is ignored."

"Increases the efficiency of all plantations and hydroponic plantations. Increases all tourist ratings. Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"Heist: Temple of Heaven"

"Temporal AA"

"Ten Knuckles of Vengeance!"

"Tenants of residential buildings within the green area displayed around the tavern during placement will take the tavern into account when looking for fun."

"Tend to the needs and demands of your people to reach the required faction standing and average happiness during the year of the referendum."

"Tenement"

"Lower quality residential building for {residences} households. Tenants must be at least poor. Emits little pollution. Decreases crime safety in the area."

"A triumph of compact space allocation, the Tenement's remarkable construction efficiency creates those close emotional bonds that you only get when you pack people together like sardines."

"Terra Cotta"

"Terrain height"

"Terrain is too uneven"

"Test"

"Test Car"

"Test lorum ipsum Test lorum ipsumTest lorum ipsumTest lorum ipsumTest lorum ipsumTest l and more and moremore and more lorum ipsum Test lorum ipsumTest lorum ipsumTest lorum ipsumTest lorum ipsumTest l and more and moremore and more lorum ipsum Test lorum ipsumTest lorum ipsumTest lorum ipsumTest lorum ipsumTest l and more and moremore and more"

"Text"

"Text Block"

"Text Block Text Block"

"Text button with long text"

"Textile Mill"

"Whether cotton or wool, a Textile Mill produces cloth, which is sometimes used to make flags, over which wars are fought. Textile Mills are therefore legitimate military targets."

"Texture Quality"

"Thank you for the fort, Presidente! It is a little big, but I have made a room within it that is snug and safe."

"Thank you, Presidente! Now the people have the right to bear arms... actually, I can hear shooting already. I think that means the island is safer!"

"Thank you, Presidente! Now the proletariat has taken control of the means of extinguishing, we must firmly oppose the incendiary tactics of the capitalist and revisionist fires with our revolutionary hoses!"

"Thank you, Presidente, for attending to the needs of the comrades. With enough food, perhaps we can develop blubber to protect us from the cold."

"Thank you, Presidente, for giving me what I asked. There is not enough honor in this world for ones like you and I."

"Thank you, Presidente. The Allies need steel almost as much as oil! I knew that you'd be reasonable in the face of the realities of war."

"Thank you, Presidente. Your insults are forgiven, so let us drink to friendship. Nostrovia!"

"Thanks for decommissioning those dumb old oil rigs, you're the best! But I've got to run. I'm late for a meeting with the Fishing Network – somewhere there's a trout in distress!"

"Thanks for the newspaper, Presidente. I promise, we'll keep the bias by us and make the 'ganda proper."

"Thanks for the planks! Everyone's gone plank mad back home, so I made a nice little profit."

"Thanks to decisive action from the Palace, the Meteor Refugee Crisis has ended. All citizens are required to send thank you notes to El Presidente immediately."

"That does not lose much in translation. Indeed, it is remarkably clear. But just in case I am dealing with fools, my country is the dragon, and the worm can still turn..."

"That flower lady hijacked my rhetoric, Presidente! Honestly, trees and rabbits... what are they good for? Absolutely nothing! Get a well-oiled war machine and crush the enemy beneath some shiny steel-toed boots!"

"That golf course is my nest egg, Presidente! It's a nice one, too. Watch out for the vicious dogleg on hole 9 – and the vicious dog attached to it! Ah, golfing jokes. Anyhow, your park score must be whopper right now! You're welcome."

"That is the perfect blend of plausible and ridiculous, Presidente. A superb choice!"

"That said, I see your experimental island of equality as the perfect breeding ground for pre-toughened troops, without weakness bred by luxury! So please, Presidente, let us make your Special Forces extra special – and famous across the world!"

"That said, you'll keep my name clear of any 'special' ledgers you might happen to be keeping, right? Thanks, Pres, I don't think I'd survive in prison – I'm less interested in an economy based on cigarettes!"

"That volcano was a whopper, wasn't it? Easily one of His best. Clearly the Axis weren't supposed to get the lost treasure, because now it’s as buried as the Izca themselves, God rest their heathen souls..."



"That was a close one, Presidente! Apparently, some citizens need to be reminded just how much they love you..."

"That was an excellent game! Now I think I shall use your money to buy a supercar, then drive it into a tree. We can laugh together at the trivial expense!"

"That was too easy, Presidente! It is almost as if the British people didn't really like European bureaucracy."

"That world-beating Pitz team of yours is an internet sensation! Popular opinion's pretty much in your favor. And... wait a second... don't I recognize those guys? Presidente, is that my baseball team...?"

"That 'example' will live on in infamy for some time! Who knew people could even be allergic to custard!"

"That's a loose end from the war taken care of. I assure you, rum smuggling is child's play compared to some of the things this man has done. Take care, Presidente! I'll see you in the next war, hope we're on the same side!"

"That's how important German scientists are, Presidente! Why, I wouldn't be surprised if this science foretold war – a new type of war, nothing like the old war. Maybe an uncontrolled war, or perhaps a financial, 'gold' war? Er... is it me, or is it getting chilly?"

"That's ridiculous. Even if the penguin could plant the charge, how would it strike the match to light the fuse? Eh? Anyhow, the Axis ships are a tiny bit sunk, and it seems that the Tropican seamen escaped with their lives. So that was a good night's work by somebody!"

"That's some revenge for a disappointing factory tour. But the rules of business are quite clear, and Wonkmeister paid the price. If children ever dream of rivers of chocolate again, Presidente, they'll see marshmallow sharks, their wafer-thin fins branded Chocico..."

"That's the Ticket"

"That's the ticket, Presidente – real farms for real people. I can't wait to get up at the crack of dawn to water the cows and milk the crops!"

"The service quality is decreased by {faithdecrease}. If visitors have their healthcare happiness lower than {healththreashold} they will also receive healthcare service with a quality of {healththreashold}."

"The American and I have reached out to the others and we think we shall convince them to come to your tiny island for your quaint little Fair. They may have one or two additional requests, but I am sure it will be no trouble at all."

"The American team is in the 'enclosure' Presidente. We shall brainwash them into thinking like true Tropicans."

"The Americans are our friends! Here at Canal Uno, we never doubted it. Prepare to eat apple pie and have dreams of being overweight. Yeehaw!"

"The Ancient Art of Bribery"

"The Approval of this citizen is determined by the following factors:"

"The Art of War"

"Pitzed Off"

"The Axis and the Allies are both exhausted, I hear. If my uncanny political timing has not deserted me, this presents a great opportunity! We could sabotage our old friends and create a power vacuum just your size, then Tropico could rule the world! After breakfast, of course. Toast?"

"The Axis have broken the Allied blockade, Presidente! We are free! However, they are now going to invade Tropico."

"High-quality accommodation with {residences} rooms. Preferred by tourists seeking stress relief. Guests must be rich or better."

"The Big House"

"The Bling's the Thing"

"The Broker"

"The Building is currently not operational."

"The Captain's Logs"

"The Castle Has Landed"

"The Coastersaurus is a success! We officially have the scariest roller coaster in the world! That's great news, as long as you ignore the injury reports..."

"The Commissar of the Party has invited me to help improve the lives of the comrades, Presidente! It is my dream come true. We must start with jobs."

"The Commissar was an exceptional man in many ways – but not in the ways of unarmed combat. Fist plus mouth equals no more Party!"

"The Coupists have been defeated!"

"The attackers have been defeated!"

"The Crown"

"The Crown's advisors commissioned an inventory of your island's resources. This expensive survey suggests that you have many 'trees'."

"The DUALSHOCK®4 wireless controller paired to"

"The Dependent"

"The EU requires twelve-star service, Presidente, but you have zero stars! A penalty must be paid. Oh, and we'd love to hear any feedback you have regarding its effectiveness!"

"The Enchilada couldn't be happier with his Presidente, Presidente. Your commitment to crime is second to none!"

"The European Union always has spare cash, if you can endure the paperwork."

"The Final Frontier"

"The First Lady's a Seal Clubber too, so you'll be her friend as long as I'm your friend! I already told her that we cleaned up the seals. Some of them blubbered, but in general they were very brave!"

"The First World Fair is about to begin, and already my colleagues are betting over everything. It is like Eid has come early!"

"The Golden Coupon"

"Heist: The Great Pyramid at Giza"

"The Great Pyramid of Giza"

"It would seem that stealing the Great Pyramid of Khufu would be ambitious enough for Presidente, but no, nothing less than all three will suffice."

"Increases the construction rate of each construction worker by 50%. Increases all tourist ratings. Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"The Host has started the game..."

"The Independent"

"The Inside Woman"

"The Izcan Curse"

"The building emits {generatordelta} liberty. The knowledge generation is reduced by {knowmodpercent}."

"The Lord Huffs and He Puffs…"

"The Lost Tusk"

"The Maya called it Pitz. In Spanish it is El Juego de Pelota – it really is the ballgame! Don't worry about how it's played, nobody understands baseball either. The important thing is that it was definitely played on this island, probably about three thousand years ago. It's super-authentic!"

"Winning the Mental Game"

"The Middle East is always a cool-tempered business partner."

"The Middle East proclaims its love for Tropico – and we have loved their major export for a long time! It's a friendship made in oil heaven!"

"The Militarists are staging a Coup!"

"The Modern Era: historians say it began in the 16th century. The Palace says it starts… now!"

"The Mongol is a new kind of ransomware that locks down your software until you pay up. We do not have to pay… we've a design for a Great Firewall of China that can block the Mongols, but we'll have to wait for the hackers to recover from last night's Trekkie marathon…"

"The More the Better"

"The Mummy's Curse"

"The Mystery of the Calcite Cetacean"

"The New Riviera"

"The Nuts Casino"

"The Nuts Casino and Resort is a success! We're lucky 'nuts' turned out to be a poker term – my bad for not checking!"

"Upkeep is decreased to {upkeepmodpercent}. The building requires an additional {PowSupp} MW of electrical power."

"The oil trade normalizes afterwards."

"The Palace announces today a new tax scheme allowing citizens to pay extra for preferential treatment during routine search and seizure actions. Sign up today!"

"The Palace categorically denies rumors of an 'uprising' or 'rebellion', but acknowledges that a 'frank exchange of perspective' did occur in Tropico this week."

"The Palace declares the Cold War officially over. Tropico is awarded the win on points!"

"The Palace denies all rumors concerning Communist unrest, and insists the problem is a disagreement in terminology. El Presidente asks all citizens to keep working."

"The Palace denies all rumors concerning the development of orbital mind control lasers, and asks citizens to ease up on the purchase of aluminium foil."

"The Palace denies any truth to Global Warming, Climate Change, or Ozone Layers. Changes in sea levels are merely the result of large mutant lizards."

"The Palace denies putting chemicals in water to make citizens more compliant. Pick up the phone and tell us what you think – if you can!"

"The Palace denies the construction of a top-secret spy base. In other news, El Presidente's new personal art gallery has exceptionally high security!"

"The Palace has announced new seismic tests to investigate the robustness of our infrastructure. Don't be alarmed! But do shelter under doorways."

"The Palace heard the people crying out for a public square with traditional Islamic schools around the outside, and now your prayers have finally been answered!"

"The Palace is delighted to announce that a foreign nation is honoring Tropico with a blockade... sorry, flotilla of boats off our shores. How nice!"

"The Palace is under fire!"

"The Palace issued a new world map today, revealing that the Allies and the Axis both lost ground while Tropico has annexed Greenland and Antarctica."

"The Palace reassures all citizens that it takes environmental concerns very seriously, and is willing to use military force to underline how seriously."

"The Palace stresses that factories are very important to Tropico's prosperity, and it will take any and all steps to ensure they continue to operate."

"The Palace today announces a new mascot, Hermano Mayor, he is big and he's your brother – he'll always keep an eye on you, and that's a promise!"

"The Parisians never sleep, sir, they don't even eat dinner until twenty-hundred hours!"

"The Planet and You"

"The Preserver"

"The Price of Peace"

"The Promise Gland"

"The Raid can be executed with the Commando Garrison."

"The Referendum to End Them"

"The Referendum will be held in 10 years."

"The Referendum will be held in 12 years."

"The Referendum will be held in 16 years."

"The Referendum will be held in 3 years."

"The Saboteur"

"We cannot shelter everyone - limit the refugee admittance"

"The Secret Ingredient"

"Immigrants arriving on Tropico are 100% happy and approve of El Presidente. Increases all tourist ratings. Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"The Supreme Art of War"

"The Supreme Art of Wharfs"

"The Tropican hacker collective, Bueno, has now published details of your more... decadent proclivities. The people who loved the grand ideas you placed into their simple minds are equally incensed by the new revelations, and are rising up as I speak! It's an uprising, Presidente!"

"The U.S. dropped drug trafficking charges against Manuel Noriega after a 50 lb. stash of 'cocaine' found in his freezer was revealed to be a 50 lb. stash of tamales. Noriega used the tamales for 'magic binding' rituals against his opponents and people he wanted to control."

"The U.S. has decided that they don't like to drink anymore. Ha! Prohibition's just another opportunity for businessmen like you, me and my client..."

"The Voice"

"The Voice of Tropico reminds all citizens to be vigilant, eat sparingly, and buy War Bonds – victory depends upon the size of the Palace treasury!"

"Victory!"

"The Wealth From Health Corporation are slashing the prices of plastic surgery this month – get a free freaky lip plumping with every nip and tuck!"

"The West is the only side you can trust… we're the ones standing for freedom. That's why you have to do what we say. I trust you'll come around to our mandatory way of thinking?"

"The Wet n’ Furry flume is a huge success – and at half the cost I had budgeted for safety inspection bribes. Score!"

"The Word"

"The World is Nearly Enough"

"The World is Not Enough"

"The Wyndham Stops Blowing"

"The X actually marked the point..."

"The Xbox One Wireless Controller paired to"


"The Almanac provides an overview on the estimated strength and urgency of the rebel threat.<cf><cf>Beware: if the guerrillas feel powerful enough to take on your armed forces they will stage a fully-fledged uprising that aims to destroy the Palace and end your rule! If your military forces are too strong they might not even try, though. Military buildings either deploy mobile squads that confront attackers, or deal with nearby attackers themselves with mounted ordnance."

"The Archipelago View is a great tool for locating resources and planning expansions."

"The army is always ready to fight for you, Presidente, we are afraid of nothing. Except snakes. And thunder. And enemy invasions."

"The audio language has finished downloading but could not be applied. Go to the options menu and select an audio language."

"The aunties have returned to Uncle, all bogeys have been wiped, and the Partridge is in the Pear Tree. I have burned the files and erased the disks. I just have to pick up your dry cleaning and feed the cat and then we should be good for the weekend. Until next assignment…"

"The building cannot catch fire anymore. Increases the upkeep by {upkeepmodpercent}."

"The bad news is that I can't really help you with the blockade. My report to the Allies points out that these waters are still simply infested with Axis U-boats. What's that? Why, yes, it is good luck for me that you can't slip away to sell the Alabaster Beluga..."

"The basic plan is to get things to make things to sell abroad – but every step of the way there's something you can do to squeeze more money out of production."

"The best thing raiders can do is steal famous World Wonders from all over the globe. Compared to ordinary raids, those so-called <q>Heists<q> take more time to complete, and always require you help out the raiders on their mission with resources or more time.<cf><cf>Each World Wonder has an individual and powerful global effect. Also, tourists just love World Wonders, and even Tropicans want to visit them at least once in their lives. Unfortunately, most Wonders are associated with certain Superpowers, who will be displeased at being robbed.<cf><cf>The different types of raiders have dedicated lists of World Wonders, and each group can only steal one Wonder per game."

"The best way to be popular is to surround your people with authority, Pres. What better way to ensure stability and well-being? Give them heroes to protect them and, if they ever step out of line, to politely subdue them. Project power... just not too close to people's homes."

"The bigger they come, the better they are, right? I'm talking about buildings, construction work."

"The blockade is lifted."

"The bonus on the approval of visiting citizens and the final rating of tourists is decreased by {personalxpmod} on base efficiency. Each citizen oriented towards the communist or intellectual faction visiting the mausoleum increases the standing of the corresponding faction by {standingmod}."

"The brainwashing of the American players is going well, Presidente. It looks like it's not even the first time they've been brainwashed, either!"

"The broker will propose a new request in time."

"Increase the efficiency by {effmod}."

"The building is damaged and repairing itself."

"The building operates on basic settings. Decreases the fee by {feemod}. Service quality is decreased by {servqualmod}. Increases the efficiency of all high schools and colleges by {schooleffmod}. This bonus does not stack."

"The building requires {PowSupp} MW of electrical power. Increases the output by {prodmodpercent}."

"Decreases the amount of job positions by {workers}. Increases efficiency by {effmod}."

"The bun is in the oven, Commander! The chefs have their spatulas, and the ingredients are all neatly chopped! We are ready for you to say grace!"

"The building emits no more pollution. The building requires {PowSupp} MW of electrical power."

"The building gets an additonal in-stock for {capacity 0} units of meat and can produce canned goods out of meat."

"The building gets an additional in-stock for {capacity 0} units of coffee and can produce canned goods out of coffee. Requires {PowSupp} MW of electrical power."

"The Cathedral becomes a tourist attraction providing the same amount of fun to tourists as it provides faith to citizens. The service quality is decreased by {servqualmod}. The base fee is set to {feemod}."

"The cathedral has a {chance} chance to discover hidden roles of visitors. The service quality is decreased by {servqualmod}."

"Enables the building to discover the roles Crime Lord and Rebel Leader."

"The chefs have reached the kitchen, Commander, but the bacon is stuck to the griddle! Repeat, the bacon is burning!"

"The cigar factory's ready, Presidente. For a while I thought we had a thief, but then I realized it was me. Cough, cough."

"

"Shall we give them what they want, or shall we make them want what you want? I always want what you want, and you always want what you want... so shouldn't they also want what you want?"

""

"The city's sick, Presidente! The old ways are mixed up with the new ways, and nobody knows if it's tomorrow or yesterday. Let's make this city great again! Follow my lead and we'll have another golden age quicker'n you can say 'nostalgia ain't what it used to be!'"

"The clergy would never advocate violence, of course, but that's their problem. We Sisters of the Order of the Howling Skull have our own methods of shooting trouble. That's right – Nun Court! You're guilty of trespasses, Presidente, and we intend to forgive you... with prejudice!"

"The cobbler has not been compromised, inform cryptology to cancel the cipher cut-out, and tell my controller that I want cress on my croissant. Agent P out."

"The colour of a building reflects the residential occupancy"

"The comrades are restless, Presidente. They have not cooperated upon anything in many days."

"The controller paired to"

"The coverage tells you which residential buildings are close enough to entertainment buildings, which seems to be OK on all three islands. Waterfall Island only has an Opera House to provide fun, but most of the people living there cannot afford it.<cf><cf>Use the quality overlay: it displays the average happiness the tenants received the last time they wanted to have fun. Red means that tenants have a low happiness, which is either because they cannot afford to visit buildings nearby, the buildings are too far away, or the buildings are overburdened by the number of potential visitors."

"Decreases the negative impact on crime safety by {infmod 0}. The building requires additional {PowSupp} MW of electrical power."

"The crown rewards you"

"The current Support is permanently displayed on the top of the screen, next to the treasury and your population."

"The dangers of the internet, Presidente… you can't possibly imagine! I know I can't. Let's not get sucked into all the virtual baloney and invest in something real and solid. Traditional Tropican values!"

"Penultimo has already found you a yar crew and a salty vessel (or is that the other way around?) so we can move these unimportant-yet-heavy boxes to a secure location that absolutely isn’t a haven for freebooters and ne'er-do-wells. We do not yet have any boots to free, but I am working on that too."

"The demolish function is currently disabled."

"The design of the hypersubmarine was perfect, Presidente, but it was sadly built to one eightieth scale. It can only hold a kumquat."

"The docks were attacked by the saboteur, and the Axis are in disarray. One person would need some pretty serious backup to pull that off."

"The duration of missions is decreased by {timemod}. Raiders have a chance of {diechance} to die on the mission."

"The Party is quite fair, Presidente. Wealth should be shared. Yes, I understand that you had your own methods of 'sharing' wealth."

"The dwellings are built. As for Comrade Kuznetsov – she's lost control, Presidente! I know that she has a secret... if only I could find out what!"

"The earthquakes ended!<cf>Buildings: {BuildingsDestroyed}<cf>Tropicans: {AgentsKilled}"

"The earthquakes stopped."

"Decreases the efficiency of the building by {effmod}. Increases the hit-points of all military squads by {hpmod} on base efficiency."

"."

"Of course, the outcome was never in doubt. The people love their Presidente almost as much as your loyal Penultimo does! And see, I have a present for you! Your very own wartime Medal of Valor, for courage, selflessness, and electability! It is made of chocolate, so be careful in the sun.<cf><cf><cf>Results:<cf>{proSum} loyal Tropicans voted for you<cf>{againstSum} individuals voted for your rival."

"The end of the Mayan calendar looms near, and if local legends are to be believed, the stars will herald a single day upon which all people will agree – the perfect time for a referendum! If your popularity is strong, here is an opportunity to have the people vote you Presidente For Life!"

"The enemies of freedom are everywhere, even where they're not – THAT is how dangerous they are."

"The enemy agents will eventually crack and give us the password we need. But we could speed things up if we had a really elaborate deathtrap to threaten them with. Here, look through the catalog. Personally, I like the crocodile pit... sharks are so last year."

"The enemy seems to have the upper hand!"

"The engine of change is trade, Presidente – and we have a lousy single cylinder when we should have a V8!"

"The environment is a hot topic, Presidente, but your immediate efforts should focus upon the need for revolution and the freedom of the worker from the oppression of Capital."


"The failsafe protocol guarantees 100% destruction ratio in case of emergency. That's all of the percents, Presidente! Do you know how rare 100% is in science, Presidente? It's 100% rare! My whole team deserves a raise, Presidente! No, seriously."

"The firefighters have quenched the fire!"

"Increases the housing quality of all residential buildings within the influence range by {housingQualityIncrease} on base efficiency."

"Lowers the upkeep of all buildings within the influence range by {upkeepDecrease} on base efficiency."

"The fire stopped."

"The fires are under control. If only those hunky firemen were as effective against our other problems. I usually like a man in uniform, but I'm really not so keen on our Axis colleagues, and lately I've been finding it really hard to forget, let alone forgive."

"The first Pitz game in three thousand years was just played in the Pitz pit! Two tourists ate egg and cress sandwiches while they watched!!"

"Another limiting factor for your citizens is their <q>Economic Wealth<q> - it defines what they can and can't afford. Residential buildings and service buildings alike have a required economic wealth. The economic wealth (broke, poor, well-off, rich, filthy rich) is determined by the combined income of a couple and their number of children."

"Increases the stockpiles of all buildings, the loading capacity of all teamsters and ships, and the maximum passenger limit of planes and tourist ships by {stockModifier}."

"Food quality can vary depending on the goods currently available in your economy."

"The foundation of peace, Pres: international trade! You give a little, you take a little!"

"The frequency of the freighters depends on the efficiency of your dock."

"The building requires an additional {PowSupp} MW of electrical power. Efficiency is increased by {effmod}."

"Adds an additional in-stock for {resource 0} of {capacity 0} capacity. The building requires an additional {PowSupp} MW of electrical power."

"The garrison is complete, Presidente! Our training regimen is unbelievably tough! The commandos sleep only six hours a night – half of what is normal!!"

"The giant 3D printer plan is still good, but there's a snag… we're out of toner."

"The gold shipments must continue! The only curse the men need fear is my temper, which, like Mount Kraken, threatens to erupt! But only if my iron will is compromised. I shall not tolerate saboteurs, Presidente, you have my word."

"The good news is that we've been able to 3D print all eighteen hundred doors, nineteen hundred windows, fifteen hundred rooms and a hundred and seventeen staircases. It's not that clear how they all fit together, though, so 'some assembly required', haha! I made a joke."

"Increases job quality of each workplace by {jobmod}. Decreases the efficiency of all workplaces by {effmod}. Decreases the pollution of all workplaces by {pollmod}."

"Children are not accounted for when determining the economic wealth of a family.<cf><cf>The edict costs {cost} per child per month."

"The hacker collective, Bueno, has joined forces with Tropico's intelligentsia. They now know everything regarding our forthcoming referendum, and its relationship to the stars. The academics are furious about our unlikely combination of mysticism and politics, and in response they have spurred the populace to open rebellion!"

"The hackers are so tired they can't even flame the internet with petulant videogame reviews, Presidente!"

"The hang gliders are in the air, turning thrill-happy theme park guests into our own early warning system – it's a two for one!"

"The happiness aspects are updated regularly whenever a citizen feels the urge to have fun. Then they will try to find a building that is close by, that they can afford, and which provides a high amount of happiness per visit. Disappointments reduce the happiness levels. Crime Safety and Liberty are different, as they are updated whenever the citizen is spending time at home. If an individual's happiness level gets too low, it can have serious consequences for your citizens: they could become criminals, join the rebels, or even die if the food happiness drops to zero.<cf><cf>The fisher you just selected could use a bit of entertainment. So, let's construct a building that provides it."

"The heatwave passed."

"The highest power is the ownership of people, you see. Workers on oil rigs, sailors piloting tankers, gas station attendants pumping gas into vehicles sold by salesmen... they are all my children, Presidente. If by that we mean I don't talk to them personally, but supply their allowance."

"The homes of employees increase crime safety. Decreases job quality by {jobmod}."

"There are four eras: Colonial, World Wars, Cold War, and Modern Times, each symbolized by the small icon in the lower left corner next to the current date.<cf><cf>To advance into the next era you need to complete Progression Tasks. These activate automatically over time – following their objectives will bring you into the next era.<cf><cf>Now wait for the Progression Tasks to appear in the task tracker. This might be a good opportunity to increase the game speed."

"Increases the overall happiness of tourists arriving on Tropico by {touristhappinessmod}."

"Increases the overall happiness of tourists arriving by {touristhappymod}."

"The internet doesn't necessarily see things that way, but the spirited arguments – and flame wars – that have broken out serve our purposes perfectly. That computer's in for a surprise!"

"The introduction of college education has boosted the availability of free speech, free thinking, and free criticism! They abuse your kindness and turn others against you! But smarter rebels don't scare brave Penultimo, who shall confront them personally! As soon as his car is fixed..."

"The island is isolated, Presidente. The squirrels are trapped! Ha! You should see the looks on their furry little faces! Priceless."

"The job quality is decreased by {jobmod}. Increases the fee by {feemod}. The building decreases crime safety around by {crimemod}."

"The judges are now in session serving dollops of rich, creamy justice for all Tropican citizens! Some hidden fees may apply."

"The men are saying they're not feeling as piratey as they'd like. I offered to saw some legs off, but it turns out it's rum they want."

"The last building of this type cannot be demolished."

"The library workers generate Knowledge that you can spend to research new regime tools like building work modes, constitution amendments and edicts.<cf><cf>Select any researchable item to have it researched. You can also select multiple items and add them to a queue to be researched one after another automatically."

"Decreases the job positions by {workers}. The knowledge production rate is increased by {knowmodpercent}."

"The lifeboat station is in place. As far as anyone else is concerned it's for yachting… our own secret seacock. Look it up!"

"The majority of citizens don't approve of your politics. This can be for a variety of reasons. Investigate happiness levels and political support to find the biggest contributor and fix it!"

"The mansions are destroyed, Presidente? Good, good, the Party is correct. But what is wrong with the world?"

"The many before the one... equality… that is what the people yearn for! And you yearn for their votes, El Presidente, so why not kill two birds with one stone?"

"The market is the tool of the oppressors! Help me promote freedom through equality, Presidente… although you will of course be more equal than the rest of us!"

"The market's gone bananas for bananas, Presidente! Sure, everyone's been saying that, but you don't get ahead in business by being original."

"The matter has concluded successfully, Presidente… Say no more."

"The maximum amount of queued raids has been reached."

"The men are all as hammered as nails in a deck, Governor! They've been singing happily, and have started dancing, too. It's quite a show!"

"The meteor shower is over."

"Each military building reduces crime, just like police stations. Employees of military buildings arrest criminals. Increases the liberty penalty of military buildings by {libertymod}. Increases militarist standing by {factionmod 0}. Increases conservative standing by {factionmod 1}.<cf><cf>The edict costs {cost} per month."

"The military thanks you for making its ‘toys’ – but we need more places to play with them. Defending the nation means imagining every possible threat, Presidente – and I see imaginary threats on all sides!"

"The mind control lasers are finally in orbit, Presidente! Alas, not precisely in Earth orbit, owing to a teensy hitch in the launch trajectory."

"Adds {workers} additional job positions."

"Decreases job positions by {workers}. Efficiency is increased by {effmod}."

"The mission to Mars was a tremendous success! The rocket blew up two thousand feet from the launch pad. Luckily, only SAGI was aboard."

"The modern world has no time for morality, Pres, so we can exploit as we export! We're going to need a lot of corn syrup!"

"The money's laundered and stashed in lots of nice neat bundles, and the henchmen are snoozing soundly nearby. Picture perfect!"

"The morale of the people has improved! We have never had gold before – nor morale for that matter – and more brothers and sisters rush... hurry... walk leisurely to our cause. Though our freelance secret trading experts are recruiting very well!"

"When you want to have a better overview, or want to move the camera somewhere else more quickly, Archipelago View is the tool for you. You can toggle it directly or automatically when continuing to zoom out. While in archipelago view you can pan and rotate the camera as usual, whereas zooming in will toggle archipelago view off again.<cf><cf>You can use archipelago view to get back to your Palace in case you got lost while getting acquainted with the camera in the previous task."

"The mystery is solved, Governor! Here are your reading glasses. Also, I have news about Wyndham's mysterious statue."

"The neoliberal philosophy encourages free trade, Pres! If you want to make the lives of your people better, import luxuries! Keep the cash flowing! Give everyone what everyone wants!"

"The new guard towers are excellent, Presidente. They still have that new guard tower smell!"

"The new pirates are learning the ropes, Governor! Oooh, what a clever thing to say – I bet that catches on."

""

"The newspaper is popular, Presidente! The radio even more so. Can we somehow use the comrades' eyes and ears simultaneously? Such ambition!"

"The number one sign of being a spy is voting against El Presidente in an election. Do not make this fatal mistake, citizens!"

"The office generates {revenue} on base efficiency per citizen oriented towards the conservative faction."

"The office generates {revenue} on base efficiency per citizen oriented towards the intellectual faction."

"The office generates {revenue} on base efficiency per employee of governmental and finance buildings."

"The office generates {revenue} on base efficiency per family living in residential buildings except shacks."

"There is nothing more Penultimo can offer you but the limitless depths of my loyalty. You remain a flawless specimen of leadership perfection, so let us waste no more time and get back to making you as rich and powerful as only you could deserve to be, Presidente!"

"The only thing that is truly popular in Tropico is opposing you, Presidente... and the Mayan calendar has ended. If we take the referendum now, everyone will vote against you! This is the end! What of the Palace? The treasury and its beautiful money? The trained angora carpet rabbits? Nooooo!"

"The operating range of Teamsters is limited to the road network they are connected to. In order to ship goods from one island to another you need Teamster Ports."

"The package has been franked. If you understand, say and do nothing whatsoever."

"The people are much safer now. The buildings and roads and trees and things – not so safe. But the people are happy in their basements, making their own entertainment. Like word games! Or charades!"

"The people are proud, Governor – why, even Anton, who lost a leg in the lumber mill, insists on standing on his own two feet!"

"The people are scared Presidente! We conservatives understand that the body politic can easily feel invaded. We should help Tropicans take ownership of Tropico by turning away strangers!"

"The people are unhappy with liberty levels in Tropico. The liberty overlay shows you the regions where liberty is the lowest in red – build some liberty-increasing buildings like the newspaper, radio, or TV station there!"

"The people are very happy with their fort, Governor, and hope that they never have to use it. For war, that is. We already store the rum there."

"The people don't want reality, Presidente! If you create for them a fictitious vision of the future, they will happily dream themselves into it. You are doing them a favor by helping them to sleep! That is why, when the Mayan calendar ends, you will be popular Presidente numero uno!"

"The people have spoken. Shouted, even. Yelled and screamed and occasionally wailed."

"The people love to dream, Presidente! Like your humble Penultimo, they should dream only of you – but they have selfish hopes and desires, into which I have researched. Which impossible campaign promise do you wish to publish in your biased press?"

"The people of Tropico love you almost as much as I do, Governor – we have such exquisite taste!"

"The people of the world now know the name Tropico, and many of them have caught a rare tropical disease from our stagnant water pools or semi-purified tap water. We are so famous that 'Tropico tummy' is in the latest dictionaries as a synonym for dysentery. We have arrived!"

"The people, mad for sea stories, have declared you Pirate King! In this new Tortuga, they call you Langostino – King Prawn!"

"The pews are full at every mass, Presidente, and doubly so when it rains. Turns out that a little bit of adversity's good for motivating the faithful."

"The plan is working perfectly. The Crown's ships come and go from the island, the perfect prey for our corsairs... and the ships practically crew themselves, because we've convinced everyone that piracy is brave and exciting!"

"The plan to blast them clear with dynamite was halted when our test explosion showered the region with volcanic ash, which turns out to be what they're made from. Please deliver required rollers since there are no trees for thousands of miles."

"The plan's coming along nicely, Presidente. Now that you have law and order, we can arrest some wrongdoers."

"The plan's working perfectly, Presidente. Here's your first payday. Whoo, we're gonna be rich! Or dead. And rich!"

"The planet is in grave danger, Presidente – surely the Goddess needs us to save her now more than ever! Won't you consider going just a little green?"

"Decreases the efficiency by {effmod}. The plantation does not decrease the fertility over time. The plantation gets {multieffmod} efficiency for other plantations in the vicinity with a different crop running on the same work mode."

"The building gets an additonal in-stock for {capacity 0} units of corn and can produce plastics out of corn."

"Decreases pollution by {pollmodpercent}. Upkeep is increased by {upkeepmodpercent}."

"Increases the job quality by {jobmod}. The building requires an additional {PowSupp} MW of electrical power. "

"The power consumption {delay}"

"The raid can be executed with the Cyber Operations Center."

"The raid can be executed with the Pirate Cove."

"The raid finished successfully!<lf><lf>Results:<lf>{EffectDescription}"

"The raiders are generating raid points while standing ready for the next mission."

"The raiders have returned, Presidente! I hope they brought you some nice presents. It's all duty free!"

"The ranch does not decrease the fertility in its vicinity. Decreases the efficiency by {effmod}."

"The rebels are starting an uprising despite your armament efforts!<cf><cf>Their target building is marked with a floating icon – this is also where your mobile troops are headed for defensive support. The defense will be coordinated automatically if there are multiple targets. You can manually mark one of the targets as priority to concentrate your mobile troops there.<cf><cf>During times of war, tourists will avoid Tropico and civilians will flee from enemy troops.<cf><cf><cf><cf>"

"The rebels have the Palace! Quick, Presidente, put on your disguise!"

"The recent spate of earthquakes has ended. El Presidente is believed to have persuaded the local tectonic plates to stop subducting. Clever!"

"The repair is in progress."

"Increases the fee by {feemodpercent}. The service quality is increased by {servqualmod}. The required economic wealth of visitors is filthy-rich."

"Increases the fee by {feemodpercent}. The service quality is decreased by {servqualmod}. The required economic wealth of visitors is well-off. Children tourists prefer the building."

"The required economic wealth is broke. Fees are decreased to {feemodpercent}. Decreases service quality by {servqualmod}. Decreases the job quality by {jobmod}."

"The required economic wealth is rich. Fees are increased by {feemod}. Increases service quality by {servqualmod}."

"The research lab continuously generates {independentbonus} knowledge per day on base efficiency, independent from the presence of workers."

"The rest of the internet can't stop talking about it, either. That should give SAGI a headache, if not terminal indigestion of the hard drive. Fingers crossed!"

"The results are in… and it's a decisive victory for El Presidente, our beloved and inescapable Commander-in-Chief!"

"The revolution will not be trivialized! The people will be in the street looking for a brighter day!"

"The roulette ball is an acorn, the croupiers are dressed up as trees, and we're using little plastic hazelnuts instead of chips. The cashier cage will have trained squirrels inside it with the cashiers, and – of course! – the waitresses will wear squirrel tails!"

"The rum's going down well, Governor. As well as Beer Street and Gin Lane, London now has a Rum Cul-de-sac."

"The saboteur has not returned, and the gold shipments go well. But as the Chancellor says: when things look good, it is time to plan for failure."

"The sailors managed to smoke out the worms by setting fires below decks, with the pleasing side effect of enhanced their delicate taste. They are moreish! But certain structural concerns have since arisen. We'll need fresh timbers to shiver if we want to go on..."

"The same cannot be said of all the other buildings, I'm afraid. We did not install lightning rods, and the cut price insurance policy does not cover disasters. On the plus side, some unhinged researchers are keen to conduct lightning studies in order to discover just how many volts are in each bolt."

"The seals are dead, Presidente, and you made them die. They'll never go <q>arp, arp<q> again! They'll never clap their flippers or balance a colorful ball... They're gone, Presidente! All gone. Mother Nature weeps tonight, and I weep with her."

"The secret of pleasing the workers, you see, is simply to give them work! If we create good jobs, we will attract new comrades to progress our Communist paradise! If everybody does their part and nobody tries to cheat, the future is assured!"

"The building gets an additional in-stock for {capacity 1} units of aluminium and {capacity 0} units of steel. The shipyard can produce ships out of steel or aluminium, in addition to planks. Requires {PowSupp} MW of electrical power."

"The shivering of timbers... the splicing of mainbraces... the rogering of jollies! Governor, the muse is with me today!"

"The smog from the volcano makes it hard to see, Presidente – and an army needs to see things! It's called impelli... ingelli... intolli... spying!"

"The sound of raindrops upon leaves, Presidente. It's a soundtrack of love that Mother Earth plays for us all. Plap, plap, plaplaplap. Love!"

"The squad are polishing their boots now. Then they have furlough for eight minutes. Then you can deploy us again! Provisions are stowed with the quartermaster, commandos are lined up with the drill master, and the polyhedral dice are stored with the dungeon master. Awaiting further orders, sir!"

"Send spies on a heist for the Statue of Liberty."

"The statues have been erected, Presidente. The people are ecstatic, though they try hard to hide their joy so as not to embarrass you."

"It's a crime wave, Presidente! I was mugged three times on my way here. I feel like a detective in a dime novel!"

"The superpower will abandon their embassy on Tropico. You will need to re-invite them before you can resume diplomatic activity."

"The superpower will cancel their alliance with Tropico. Without the alliance, you lose protection against superpowers you are on poor terms with."

"The superpower will form a naval blockade that delays your trade ships by 3 months."

"The superpower will set an example and declare war on Tropico. This will trigger an immediate Game Over, regardless of your military strength."

"The meteor showers have ceased and the swarm of immigrants has subsided!<cf>Buildings destroyed: {BuildingsDestroyed}<cf>People killed: {AgentsKilled}"

"The thing to remember is that we worship in our own hearts, Presidente. Well, unless you're a fundamentalist, which technically I am. But that Party can't stop people praying – all my flock needs is a venue. You know, I always thought I'd make a fine landlady..."

"The thunderstorm is over."

"The tourist habitat is here! She is now called Glorious Presidente, though she once had another name. And better days. I will scrub her up."

"The tourists are coming, Presidente! It is truly amazing what some touch up work on brochure photographs can do!"

"Citizens need to pay {fee} whenever they take food from a production or industry building. Broke citizens cannot afford to buy food. Decreases communist standing by {factionmod 1}. Decreases religious standing by {factionmod 2}. Increases capitalist standing by {factionmod 0}."

"The tremors have ceased! If you are still shaking, we recommend calling your neurologist as soon as possible!"

"Removes {workers} job positions. Increases efficiency by {effmod}. The building requires an additional {PowSupp} MW of electrical power."

"The volcanic eruptions stopped."

"The war may be cold, but the weather is going to be hot, hot, hot! Stay tuned for Canal Uno's meteorological report, 'Hoy Hace Caliente!'"

"Increases crime safety by {infmod 1}. Decreases liberty by {infmod 0}."

"The work modes of public transportation buildings allow you to make them available even for broke people."

"The workers are now free, Comrade Presidente, to drive anywhere they wish – at twelve kilometers per hour. They will not get far."

"The workers love their work, Presidente! Well, mostly. Nobody likes Monday mornings, even in a Communist utopia!"

"The workers must be freed of oppression, Presidente! The yoke of tyranny must be lifted so the albumen of justice can run free! Let us put all our eggs in the basket of equality!"

"The world has changed. What was tomorrow is now today! And what today we call tomorrow will be... Yesterday? In... two days? Ah, but all days to come are the future!"

"The world is an odd place, isn't it… one day's friend is the next day's enemy. Change is everywhere!"

"The world is watching, Presidente. We've been humiliated, so now more than ever do we need a true Tropican sports team!"

"The world says <q>Viva Tropico!<q> as El Presidente wins the war!"

"The world's favorite tomb, the Taj Mahal, arrives to rapturous applause, proving that Tropico's cultural landscape is far from dead!"

"Theater"

"Home-grown Tropican theater often features stories of powerful leaders brought low, through no apparent fault of their own, by unthinking mobs. These are called 'amorality plays'."

"Theater Visited"

"They have a plan to create an equal society?! Apparently by establishing a single legal haircut...? That is stupid! And not very ambitious. Presidente, we must show them up! Our population must thrive, to prove the superiority of your plan for equality – a culture without houses!"

"Theme Park"

"Theme Park Exploit"

"Then it will be safe to leave the Palace. Most of your people are unable to afford chocolate, so we will be able to buy it all. I am sure we will find the Golden Coupon instantly, because, like most people, I don't really understand probabilities at all!"

"Theocracy"

"The Blessed Nation of Tropico, being in God's Comely Eyes the most good and excellent Congregation of Souls this side of Eternity, shall joyfully rejoice at the ending of distinctions betwixt Government and Ecclesiastical Authority, that neither should be seen the inferior of the other."

"Power producing buildings feed the electricity into the power grid around them. Only buildings inside this grid will be supplied with electricity. Overlapping power grids will merge into one - accumulating produced power as well as the consumption. Make sure to not have more power consumed than you are producing, buildings with insufficient power supply are inoperable."

"There are no free slots in asylums"

"There are no free slots in prisons"

"Apart from arresting, killing, and bribing, you can also institutionalize individual citizens. Some interactions are only available for citizens with certain roles like Rebel Leaders or Crime Lords. But be aware of the potential consequences: the target person and their family will remember what you did to them! <cf><cf>Like criminals, rebels will never lose their role on their own, turning them into ticking time bombs while they are roaming free."

"There are several ways of selecting citizens to see their economic wealth."

"There are those who complain that criminals rule our streets. Bah! I will show you real policing! You'll be as safe as a tortoise in its shell – which is also a delicacy here in Tropico!"

"There are too many unemployed citizens! Either there aren't enough jobs in general, or the education requirement for the jobs is too high. Make sure there are enough jobs with low education requirements."

"There can be only one winner… and you were never a winner! You've been lucky, that's all! I shall summon the character that is the legacy of hundreds of years of Wyndham breeding, and will make my ancestors proud! See if I don't!"

"There is a downside to popularity, Presidente. The well-known are easier to target... and your face is on the money! One more reason to keep it covered…"

"There is a patch required to use this feature."

"There is a saying, Presidente – that the dog is bigger than the cat because of what it has to eat. It does not translate so well. But I am pleased to inform you that the Chinese era of world Communism has now begun! Your compliance is most desirable! Hahaha!"

"There is a saying… the enemy of my enemy's enemy is my friend's enemy's cousin twice removed. I think that's how it goes?"

"There is a system update required to use this feature."

"There is no active blockade"

"There is no active military coup"

"There is no doubt you are the greatest Presidente that ever lived, of course – but your rivals must be taken seriously. You didn't become the most popular, successful, and vote-winningest electoral official in Tropican history without having to break a few eggs. Together, we shall make fluffy omelettes out of the competition.<cf><cf>(Perhaps I should not give these inspirational speeches before breakfast, Presidente...)"

"The base fee is increased by {feemodpercent} and visitors need to be filthy-rich. The base wage is increased by {wagemod}. Workers require college education. Visitor slots are decreased to {vismod} per employed worker. The building generates Knowledge points. Not preferred by any tourist type. "

"There is no road connection to a landing building or airport!"

"There is no time to lose, Presidente. We must break up our top scientists' campaign of Ogres & Oubliettes and set them to work right away on all the crunchy mathematics required to split atoms and braid neutrons, or whatever it is that makes nuclear energy so hot right now."

"There is too much crime in Tropico. The crime overlay shows you the worst areas in red – build some police stations in these areas to make Tropico safer!"

"You have a personal and semi-legal Swiss Bank Account. And then there is one person that will never demand anything from you, nor will he judge you for anything you do or don't do: The Broker.<cf><cf>The Broker will politely come with a request once in a while. You can completely ignore those, you can even reject them without consequences. But if they are in line with what you were planning to do anyway, they are the best way to fill your Swiss Bank Account."

"As a first step in becoming the world’s greatest dictator, it is important that you know how to control the camera so that you can admire your nation from different angles.<cf><cf>Practice the different ways to control the camera."

"There seems to be a lot of pollution on your island. The pollution overlay shows the most polluted areas in red. You can decrease pollution by building garbage dumps or waste treatment facilities."

"There seems to have been some kind of mistake! How can I say this? You... err… did not win."

"There was an incident in the mines, Presidente. While the safety systems were being installed, someone snuck in and planted a cartoonish amount of TNT! The mine collapsed... though, suspiciously, only after the miners had been lured away with a trail of chocolate. We have a saboteur, Presidente!"

"There were people protesting about the lowest average happiness. You did not react in any way, giving the protesters too much time to keep the protested building from being operational and to think about becoming rebels instead."

"There's Always Someone Bigger..."

"There's a thin line between legal and illegal! You know, it's so thin some days I can barely see it!"

"There's a volcano erupting, Presidente, in case you hadn't noticed. Happy? It's a physical symptom of the greed in your soul! Or something."

"There's huge demand for rum back home. Everyone wants to be a pirate, or pretend to be. Wooden legs are the latest trend, and most fashionable ladies have at least one. So let's clean up with grog while the market's hot!"

"The world's at war, Presidente, and that means profits! Of course, everything means profits... but war's my absolute fave."

"There's no going back. We need to tweak the algorithm, so we need more – and better – data! We need a smarter populace, Presidente, and an increased learning gradient! We're climbing the knowledge mountain, and everyone's a Sherpa!"

"There's pressure on me to find him, though. I bet you know pressure, Presidente! Nasty stuff. So let's find this blighter and extradite him from your beautiful islands before he causes a stink. First step, to crack down on crime! Our man's a criminal, so it stands to reason we should lock 'em all up!"

"There's so much business going on, Presidente! Hey, I met this slippery guy with a thing for bananas. If we could corner the banana market..."

"There. Smiles on everyone's faces, and not a single plastic surgeon in sight!"

"There's a new sport in the Tropican streets today called 'Rebellion'. However, the Palace warns that without a license to play, 'Rebellion' is illegal."

"There's no better moonside property that what I'm giving to you now, and I'm giving it to you because you deserve it, not because you beat me – let's make that perfectly clear. I never lose. But sometimes the best deals are the ones you don't make, right?"

"There's no need to comply with our requests, of course. We want to be friends with everybody!"

"These towers need to be built on Kraken Island!"

"These are days of wonder! Of astounding achievements! Do you wonder what we've achieved? Why, our exciting new technology will tell us precisely what we've achieved! This is the future!"

"These men – the richest of the rich – had divided the moon into deeds to share. To obtain them, you had to lure the One Percenters to Tropico, by hosting the First World Fair... and for that, we had to make Tropico shine like the moon herself..."

"These mercenaries did not come cheap, but I still have friends in rich places. I shall fight you on the beaches! I shall fight you in the hills! I shall fight you in the malls! I swear, I shall have that statue before I die! And some soup. I enjoy soup."

"These people are seriously rich, Presidente. I can impulse buy a sports car or a yacht, but these dudes can impulse buy the companies that make them! So, hey, we should put a rack of companies up by the turnstile... a kind of point of sale thing..."

"These plutocrats and silk stockings are eating up every deal we offer – but my esteemed colleague and I do not have an agreement on how we should proceed to fleece the golden ram, so to speak."

"These tourists are fascinating creatures, Presidente! Once they are on vacation, they forget what their money is worth!"

"They are not as loyal as Penultimo, of course – nobody could be! – but they are good for constructing buildings, making and transporting goods, and generally keeping the economy ticking over."

"They call me the Broker. I guess I had another name once, but you know what names are good for? They're good for getting you arrested, Presidente! Well, that's not my game! My game would be business. Which business? Hey, what have you got?"

"They have guns. And masks. And bags marked 'swag'! They're the real thing. Quick, Presidente, make your decision!"

"They need warmer uniforms. Sheepskin jackets are in vogue this year, I saw them at a military fashion show in Milan. And those woolen liners are so snuggly and warm! I shall get one for you, Presidente – we wouldn't want you to catch a chill!"

"They say spies are the invisible enemy. How can we fight an enemy we cannot see? Oh, they're not literally invisible. What a relief!"

"They say that Lord Wyndham knows everything, Governor, that he has eyes and ears everywhere – which is very creepy!"

"They say war is good for business, but what's really good for business is making a ton of money without anyone dropping their bombs anywhere near you. Wanna do some of that kind of business, Presidente?"

"They want to draw the Hagia Sophia, and we cannot easily get rid of them without palming them off with some artist supplies. I was thinking we might give them some canvases to paint onto and send them off towards the Blue Mosque – it's that or wait for them to finish sketching the minarets."

"They're the most dangerous breed of squirrel on earth! There haven't been many fatalities, but the electric fences on Squirrel Mountain went down when the cheap, non-union wiring was chewed through, and a school party is trapped! And their surprisingly photogenic teacher is allergic to nuts! Whatever shall we do?"

"They're messy, smelly and dress strangely – but at least my team of tree-huggers is protecting the island! Operation: This Erosion is in full swing! We throw ourselves under the tourists, like carpets, so those flip-flopping feet don't wear away at Mother Earth! My back is killing me..."

"Think!"

"This Party doesn't care about the planet at all, Presidente! I saw them dyeing both red and grey squirrels green, for the sake of their 'equality justice', and now the poor things can't see each other in the trees!"

"This Share Code is invalid and was not applied."

"Not available if your constitution is set to True Separation for <q>Separation of Powers<q>."

"This all seems to be in order, Presidente. One bribe, plus a completed bribery form in triplicate, four passport photographs, and the processing fee."

"This archipelago is barren and poor in natural resources. To compensate for that, you can send Pirates on loot missions to pillage the materials your chosen industry requires or import them via trade routes."

"This battle is over, but the war can only end with my victory, Presidente…"

"This building can only be built a limited number of times."

"This building is currently not operational."

"Hosts representatives of one of the superpowers. Allows you to issue diplomatic interactions with the corresponding superpower."

"This content is blocked due to age restrictions."

"This covert operation is nearing its critical phase, Presidente, but our chances of success are limited without some wildly excessive firepower. I blame our soldiers, who are simply too well trained. When you can kill with just two fingers, sometimes you overlook weaponry..."

"This department currently has no minister."

"This discussion is over, if in fact it actually happened... which it did not! In fact, you and I do not know one another, have never met, and it is quite possible that one or both of us does not exist."

"This hour usually hosts Canal Uno's Disco Innnnnnferno! But I've been told that's in bad taste right now."

"Grows a chosen type of farm animal to produce milk, meat, wool, hides, or leather."

"This is a disappointing result, and a decision that'll see you lose standing in the international community. As a nation entirely founded by immigrants, you'll see why this especially stings America's sensibilities. Officially. If you get my drift."

"This is especially true as, due to a mix-up with the plans, the secret hidden fort was built in an especially prominent place. <cf><cf>But I think this increases its effectiveness – for who would ever imagine that a secret hidden fort would be built in plain sight?"

"This is not over, not by a long shot! Nor a short shot. And definitely, absolutely not by any kind of medium shot – I abhor doing things by halves!"

"This is quite the experiment, Presidente. How can anybody get a foot on the property ladder if it has no rungs?"

"This is the first tutorial task to complete. You will need to complete each tutorial task to finish the lesson.<cf><cf>Like the main task, the tutorial tasks pop up automatically and are displayed in the task tracker after accepting them. You can still access all tasks including their texts and all of their objectives in the Task Screen.<cf><cf>Now follow the objectives listed below one by one in order to complete this task."

"This is the voice of Tropico, saying: it's a Canal Uno kind of day!"

"This is what we agreed, take it."

"This is your moment, my people! Trust to the stars and vote like never before! Vote Presidente For Life! VIVA TROPICO!"

"This is your opportunity, my people! Whether your beliefs are neoliberal, socialist or nationalist... whether you wish for prosperity, togetherness, or security – I am a Presidente for all seasons!"

"Send orders to assassinate this person. Significantly decreases approval of the target citizen's family, increasing the risk of them becoming rebels."

"This world wonder was already stolen!"

"This map is not downloaded yet. Wait for it or try a different map."

"This map does not exist."

"This might work… I'm not a rocket scientist, but I have played Asteroid Miner and I almost cleared the third level."

"This paperwork is exquisite, Presidente! All four hundred and thirty sub-clauses have passed on your first submission. It's unheard of!"

"This raid building already finished it's heist"

"This raid building is already running a raid!"

"This raid is not available in single player!"

"This raid is not availble in multi player!"

"This raid was already finished and cannot be repeated!"

"This saboteur has certainly caught the imagination of the people, Presidente. A new four-color comic book is in production, or so I'm told – Captain Penguin! He battles the Axis with two flippers of fighting fury! A novel-length adventure in every issue!"

"This science fiction malarkey is all very well in the comic books, but I've yet to see it benefit a real Tropican. Oh, excuse me, Presidente, that's my phone. Looks like I'm late for the online debate. So, get me a taxi! Dumb phone..."

"This should be a good one, Presidente! It's practically a badge of honor for a Caribbean island to be invaded by the U.S. of A!"

"This squirrel lived on an isolated island, creating a unique evolutionary branch. As its tail became bigger, static electricity buildup provided a viable defense mechanism! This most probably led to extinction due to breeding difficulties. Anyway, we'll make one ASAP... we just need to know more!"

"This story speaks to Penultimo. As everyday people go about their lives, scraping money together for the occasional luxury or treat, titans stride the Earth behind them, too big to fail, too large to even be seen. Life is different for the winners, Presidente! Let us hope that this will always be so."

"This superpower had a blockade."

"This superpower had no blockade yet."

"This tab will display information on completed and cancelled trade routes."

"The airport requires an additional {PowSupp} MW of electrical power. The airport also acts as a metro station for tourists. "

"This wasn't a game, it was an agreement, and I always honor my debts when I have to."

"This will open the Kalypso profile page in your default browser and minimise the game. Do you want to proceed?"

"This will open the Tropico Beta Survey in the Steam overlay. Do you want to proceed?"

"This will open the Tropico Facebook page in the external default browser and minimize the game. Do you want to proceed?"

"This will open the Tropico Feedback Page in the Steam overlay."

"This will open the Tropico Twitch page in your default browser and minimise the game. Do you want to proceed?"

"This will open the Tropico Twitter page in your default browser and minimise the game. Do you want to proceed?"

"This will open the Tropico YouTube page in your default browser and minimise the game. Do you want to proceed?"

"This will open the Tropico forum page in your default browser and minimise the game. Do you want to proceed?"

"This! Is! Thebestdayofmylife! O-M-G, Presidente! Hashtag awesome genius! SAGI works perfectly!"

"Those brain-boxes are still looking for a master plan, aren't they, Presidente? I swear, the smartest people I know are also the dumbest."

"Those oil platforms spill all the time, and a rare species of warthog seal makes its home on this island. I've been scrubbing goo off their blubbery backs all week but I can't do it all by myself. Please, help me hire a team of expert scrubbers!"

"Those squirrels are foolish to match their furry little wits against your formidable intellect, Presidente!"

"Though history books should properly be written by the winners themselves, it is my honor to ghostwrite yours for you, oh winningest Presidente!"

"Though it is unthinkable that your brave new revolutionaries would turn against the cause, oh my Governor, we have instituted a system of loyalty points, refundable at the fort gift shop, to guarantee our solidarity!"

"Though not by me, my friend! I too am driven by a passion – in two words, black gold! In one word... oil! I pledge my support to your venture, for drilling runs in my family. Blood is thicker than water... and oil is thicker than blood."

"Though nothing untoward has happened recently, in the streets, with bricks and firebombs, we are glad to report that nothing untoward has now ceased, as well."

"Though throughout your career you were the fairest of leaders, Presidente, even you made enemies. I know! The fools! They do not see what I see."

"Thought I saw a commie this morning, Presidente. Sure, it looked like a paper boy, but I didn't like the paper it threw! Commie headlines! Sure, we're free now, but what about... NOW?"

"Thought you were one of the good guys! So, fair warning – bad idea to break ties with us Allies. Unless you're asking for a carefully measured response!"

"Thoughts"

"Threat:"

"Three Sheets"

"Thrill-seeking tourists add their stay at these accommodations as an additional visited attraction. Thrill-seeking tourists will also prefer this building."

"Thrillseeking"

"Throw the U.S. Ambassador out of the Embassy"

"Throwing money at a problem? Now you're talking my language, Pres! Money fight!!"

"Thunderstorm"

"Reaction to Thunderstorm"

"The thunderstorm has ended, Presidente!<cf><cf>Buildings caught fire: {buildingsDestroyed}<cf>People killed: {agentsKilled}"

"Ticket to Ride"

"Tide Simulator"

"Tilt Camera"

"Tilt the camera up and down."

"Time to cool these superpowers down. I prepared a bribe fund for just this situation, as most of these dingbats are as greedy as... well, as me, and I tell you, I bribe easily. So, reach out to your worldwide friends with a little golden handshake..."

"Time to fight fire with fire. Make an example of the rebel leader. Show the people what happens to those who annoy you. Whether you think a prison sentence is best, or something more... permanent, well... I leave creativity to artists like you."

"Time travel! Amazing! Actually, Penultimo is joking – making time go faster does not require a time machine. A nap is a perfectly good time machine, as is a dozen mojitos."

"Time's running out for the polar bear cubs, Presidente! Climate change is real! I know there aren't any polar bears cubs near Tropico, but they're soooo cute. Let's make a commitment to help out before it's too late."

"Tired of boarding a ferry with goats to get to neighboring countries? Welcome to the Jet Age with a newly-constructed Esteban Memorial airport."

"Title"

"To further enhance justice in Tropico, we wish to appoint Marco Moreno as your local Party representative. He is one of the most equal young men I have ever met, distinguishing himself in no way whatsoever! In another life he would have made a wonderful spy..."

"To increase the average faith happiness, provide more or better ecclesial buildings and make sure that all citizens have one nearby they can afford. A single building might be overburdened to cater for all people living in its vicinity. Higher budgets usually increase the service quality."

"To increase the average fun happiness, provide more or better entertainment buildings and make sure that all citizens have one nearby they can afford. A single building might be overburdened to cater for all people living in its vicinity. Higher budgets usually increase the service quality."

"To increase the average healthcare happiness, provide more or better healthcare buildings and make sure that all citizens have one nearby they can afford. A single building might be overburdened trying to cater for all people living in its vicinity. Higher budgets usually increase the service quality."

"To increase the average job happiness, you need to provide more suitable jobs to decrease the unemployment rate. Higher budgets usually increase the job quality, which defines the job happiness of the workers."

"To increase the average food happiness, build vendor buildings like Groceries or Shopping Malls. They provide more food happiness depending on the amount of different food types in stock, so providing them with new food types will increase the average food happiness."

"To infinity, or somewhere closer! Tropico is now officially a Space Age power, probing the universe for all its secrets – preferably the profitable ones!"

"To put your plans into motion, we're gonna need to empty some pockets, Pres. As it happens, I've got some pockets in mind..."

"To the coward rebels who tried to steal from the people, I say: no, coward rebels, no! To my people, I say: what is mine is yours! And what is yours... is mine."

"To win the love of your people, Presidente, you must stimulate their most sensitive organ – their brain, of course!"

"To work in a library, a Tropican needs to have High School education. Other workplaces may even require College education. You can build high schools and colleges to qualify your people over time. For now, we want educated workers quickly, so let's request some from abroad."

"To:"

"Tobacco"

"Tobacco Plantation"

"Today is the most exciting day in Tropico's grand history! The war is over and a new era dawns. Surely, after the hardships we've endured, this will be an era of global trust and international co-operation!"

"Today we celebrate! For our oppressors will no longer treat us like dogs! No more scraps under the table for you, my Tropicans – ours is the feast!"

"Toddler"

"Together, as we are forging our future, we owe gratitude to our Intellectuals! Tropico's education is in good hands, as youngsters learn my teachings! The future is smart!"

"Toggle Almanac"

"Toggle Archipelago View"

"Toggle Broker"

"Toggle Camera Mode"

"Toggle Constitution"

"Toggle Diplomacy"

"Toggle Edicts"

"Toggle Era Outline"

"Toggle Game Menu"

"Toggle News"

"Toggle Options Menu"

"Toggle Overlays"

"Toggle Radial Menu"

"Toggle Raids"

"Toggle Research"

"Toggle Road Mode"

"Toggle Task Menu"

"Toggle Tasks"

"Toggle Trade"

"Toggle era transition screen"

"Toggle palace customization"

"Too Deep in Debt"

"Too far above sea level."

"Exceeding maximum height difference between tunnel exits"

"Too many citizens are living in shacks. If you take a look at the economic wealth of shack-dwellers, you'll know which buildings would be most suited to replace the shacks at any given location."

"Top Hat"

"Top-Gas Recycling"

"Total Bonus:"

"Total Discount:"

"Total Loss:"

"Total surveillance"

"It being recognized that the State possesses adequate and untestable justifications for instituting a generalized Suspicion of Everything, all Citizens accept their obligation to participate in both appropriate and wildly inappropriate Scrutiny, Inspection, Survey, Consideration, Observation, and General Snooping."

"Total extra charge:"

"Totally Awesome Guy"

"Tour Office"

"Why gamble on entertainment by walking about at random when skilled Tour Office staff can efficiently direct you towards all the places designed to bilk visitors out of their cash?"

"Tour Destination"

"Tourism"

"Tourism Tab"

"Tourism and Entertainment buildings often offer work modes to specialize in servicing a certain tourist type or changing the required economic wealth level. You should try orienting your accommodations and entertainment buildings towards one or two tourist types for a start.<cf><cf>Changing the budget will increase the fee each visitor has to pay. And tourists have to pay more than the locals. To exploit this, you can exclude Tropicans via a check-box setting on individual entertainment buildings."

"Wealth Modifier"

"Tourist"

"Tourist Accommodation"

"Tourist Accommodations"

"Tourist Arrival Buildings"

"Tourists Arrived"

"Tourist Attractions"

"Tourist Capacity"

"Tourist Fees"

"Tourist Info Panel"

"Tourist Information"

"Tourist Plane:"

"Tourist Port"

"Tourism!"

"Efficiency scales the tourist ship frequency."

"The Tourist Port gets your visitors' vacations off to a great start by divesting them of the trappings of their old lives, creating the possibility of new experience."

"Tourist Rating"

"Tourist Rating Modifiers"

"Tourist Rating:"

"Tourist Services"

"Tourist Ship:"

"Tourist Type"

"Tourist Types"

"Tourist Distribution"

"Tourists only"

"Tourists"

"Tourists arriving at this tourist port are rich. Upkeep is increased by {upkeepmodpercent}. The passenger capacity is reduced by {passengermod}."

"Tourists really don't like spending their vacation in a country that is at war."

"Tourists Victory: "

"Tourists visited"

"Tourists will only visit Tropico if there are vacant accommodations available."

"Tourists, Presidente? Didn't we talk about this? Like, how can we protect the planet from so many pairs of non-biodegradable flip-flops?!"

"Tourists… they are annoying, and they are garishly dressed – but they come with money that they want to spend, and that makes them our friends."

"Trade"

"Trade Modifiers"

"Trade Route Offers"

"Trade route is already active"

"Trade Routes"

"Trade route"

"Trade route completed"

"Trade routes"

"Trade routes for better pay, tweaking supply chains for fun and profit, fire workers to save money, or close job positions for even more schadenfreude. Not to mention fitting new equipment and changing a building's production orders – the power is all yours, Presidente, always!"

"Trading spaces! Benevolent Presidente pledges mansions for the homeless! #kindtobecruel"

"Traditional marriage"

"The Traditional Institution of Marriage being deemed the Bedrock of the Family, and the values therein, shall not be varied from its requirement to join in Matrimony exactly one Male Member of the Citizenry to exactly one Female, whose status as such shall be verified by Officials when in doubt."

"Traditional Sermon"

"Traditionally speaking, Presidente, Tropico has always invited people, not excluded them. Of course, our friend here may be talking about those new traditions that he just made up..."

"Traffic & Infrastructure"

"Trait (Charismatic)"

"You have always thought that a good apology was priceless – it has got you out of many scrapes in your political career, and your puppy dog eyes melt the hearts of even the most ruthless enemies."

"People just can't help liking you… even when you're signing a death warrant, there's just something about that smile that makes everything okay."

"Others may accuse you of corruption, but your view is that you just like to be good to your friends – and your friends are anyone who has a suitable payment to offer in return for certain favors, no questions asked."

"You have always known how to get your own way, and while some accuse you of being devious and conniving, you have always managed to cunningly discredit everyone with such a negative viewpoint."

"It's not that you cannot control your impulse to burn things, it is more that you have not tried. You have a generous desire to take the beauty in every flame and spread it as far and wide as possible."

"Years of rearranging your refrigerator to attain the perfect tessellation of eggs and ham has given you a powerful understanding of how things fit together – a gift that you share with anyone who has to stack objects for a living."

"There was some concern you might be working yourself to death, so you took a moment to dig your own grave and arrange your own memorial service before getting back to all the other things that needed doing."

"Trait (Pyromaniac)"

"Trait (Workaholic)"

"Trait:"

"Traits"

"Trans-shipment center for logistics. Handles the import and export of goods. Handles the immigration and emigration of people. Decreases the crime safety nearby."

"Transparency Pact"

"Transport"

"Transporter"

"Transportation"

"Transportation is what cities of the future need. Actually, it is what cities of the present need. Who knows about the future?"

"Trap the squirrels on the ancient ruins island by cutting all connections to it. "

"Treasure Hunt finished!"

"Treasure victory: "

"Treasure Hunt"

"Treasury"

"Treasury:"

"Treatment"

"Treatment Studies"

"Tree Nursery"

"Trees on Island"

"Trigger Disaster"

"Trigger dual demand"

"Trigger entertainment coverage overlay"

"Trigger entertainment quality overlay"

"Trigger protest at palace"

"Tropical"

"Tropical Happiness!"

"Tropical Nomads"

"Tropican"

"Tropican Players"

"Tropican Style Agency"

"Tropican exports will take us kicking and screaming into the next century, Presidente, mark my words. The future is now – and as soon as we're a modern nation, we can become a First World nation, somewhere worthy of hosting the most prestigious fair on the planet!"

"Adult Citizens"

"Tropicans"

"Sells edible goods to provide food to the households of visiting citizens. Sells consumer goods to increase all happiness values of visiting citizens and their households. Visitors must be well-off or better."

"Increases liberty by {libertymod}. Decreases crime safety by {crimemod}. Military squads deal {damagemod} more damage. Decreases militarist standing by {factionmod 2}. Increases industrialist standing by {factionmod 1}. Increases capitalist standing by {factionmod 0}."

"Citizens are not allowed to emigrate."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Also increases the food happiness of visiting citizens. Visitors must be well-off or better."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by relaxation tourists. Visitors must be at least poor."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Increases the food happiness of visiting citizens. Preferred by relaxation and child tourists. Visitors must be at least poor."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Visitors must be well-off or better."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by child tourists. Visitors must be at least poor."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by child tourists. Visitors must be well-off or better."

"Provides fun for visiting citizens and tourists. Influences visitors. Gain money for up to 50 filthy-rich citizens upon their death. Preferred by cultural tourists. No wealth requirement for visitors."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by backpacker and thrill-seeking tourists. Visitors must be well-off or better."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by relaxation and child tourists. Visitors must be well-off or better."

"Provides fun for visiting citizens and tourists. Influences visitors. No wealth requirement for visitors."

"Provides healthcare to visiting citizens. Visitors must be well-off or better."

"Provides healthcare to visiting citizens. Visitors must be at least poor."

"Provides faith to visiting citizens. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"The second requirement for tourist to book a trip to Tropico is a matching means of transport. Tourists will not travel on regular freighters, but either arrive via ship on the Tourist Dock or via plane at the Airport.<cf><cf>The chosen work mode of these buildings limits the number and economic wealth of tourist families that come with each vessel."

"Tropicans commute a lot – between their homes, their jobs, and all the buildings they visit to satisfy their happiness aspects. Improving the time it takes them not only makes them happier, but also improves your economy: travel time is idle time!<cf><cf>Starting in the World Wars era you can build bridges to connect close islands with each other more efficiently – but also at a higher cost."

"Tropicans for Military Action warn that 'it can happen here!' – so remember to donate your unwanted bullets to keep our brave soldiers firing."

"Citizens wear old-fashioned clothes. Increases the tourist rating by {touristratingmod} plus {fortbonus} for each fort and plus {guardtowerbonus} for each guard tower up to a cap of {bonuscap}. Decreases intellectual standing by {factionmod 0}. Increases conservative standing by {factionmod 1}. Increases religious standing by {factionmod 2}."

"Tropicans who are unable to find a job might turn to criminal activities instead."

"Provides a college education to citizens with a high school education."

"Tropico"

"Tropico 6"

"Tropico First"

"Tropico Flag"

"Decreases the chances of citizens living in the vicinity ({buildingRange}-tile radius) emigrating."

"Hurray! Today is National Day of Tropico!"

"Tropico has a proud heritage! We thank the Conservatives, who will not let our ways be lost – or even mislaid. Tradition is the glue that binds the gears of this great nation!"

"Tropico has ceased trading with a certain major superpower! The Palace's statement? 'They don't trade fair, so neither will we.'"

"Increases standing of each Superpower by {superpowermod 0} upon activation. The edict has a cooldown of {cooldownYears} years."

"Increases the immigration rate by {immigrationmod}. Increases the cultural tourist and backpacker tourist rating by {touristratingmod}. Decreases conservative standing by {factionmod 0}."

"Tropico is a strong nation, and it deserves a strong military – that is why El Presidente has built us a Defense Headquarters. For all our futures!"

"Tropico is under attack!"

"Tropico is attacked by Wyndham!"

"Tropico is attacked by {superpower}!"

"Tropico is currently under Martial Law"

"Tropico is proud to welcome its new privateers and stresses that it's categorically not piracy when it's sanctioned by the state."

"Increases the immigration rate by {immigrationmod}. The chance of each immigrant being a criminal is increased by {criminalchance}. You receive a monthly payment of {fee}."

"Tropico says 'ohayo gozaimasu' to its newest feature, a traditional Edo-period castle. Just what you've always wanted!"

"Tropico today picked a side in the Cold War, allying with the Western Powers, who have the best space rockets!"

"Tropico! A rising nation of global importance! Famed for its blue seas, golden sands, and bulging treasury! And you, El Presidente, you are simply magnificent! The world's most exalted leader! First among unequals! Under your supervision, the nation's politicians will help fulfill Tropico's potential – or at least try hard to get what they want. Build, Presidente – for the future! For Tropico! And for yourself!"

"Tropico's better educated than ever, Presidente, so here's where we find out if a smarter populace is less selfish!"

"Tropico's own hacker elite, 'Bueno con los Ordenadores', or 'Bueno' for short, have leaked our plans to use the Mayan prophecy to make you Presidente For Life! Tropicans everywhere have taken to the streets in outrage! We must redouble our efforts to increase your popularity, Presidente... for time is running out!"

"Tropico. My beloved homeland. My adoring people...! With sorrow, I have watched you toil. But have faith in me – El Presidente! – and your troubles will soon be over!"

"Tropico. Some call it the valley of the shadow of despair, but to me it is the valley of the shadow of my home! Our spirits cannot be broken! So rise, oh Tropico, and despair no more!"

"Tropicoland"

"Tropico's flying cars have improved in leaps and bounds over the last decade. New flight times are almost a minute – well done, nerds! Keep going!"

"True Separation"

"The vesting of the Legislative, Judiciary, and Executive Powers of Government into Separate Bodies shall be enacted such that all Checks shall be Balanced, and all Balancing shall be Checked, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, and provide for Variety of Well-Remunerated Employments."

"Try to avoid both: a high unemployment rate and a high job vacancy rate."

"Tsunami approaching!"

"The Tsunami is over, Presidente!<cf><cf>Buildings destroyed: {buildingsDestroyed}<cf>People killed: {agentsKilled}<cf>Financial compensation: {compensation}"

"Tsunami!"

"Tunnel Connection"

"Tunneling Under the Tunnels"

"Turning a Blind Eye"

"Turning away immigrants? What's next, Presidente? Issuing travel bans on people just because you don't like how they dress?"

"Tutorial"

"Tutorial Chapter I"

"Tutorial Chapter II"

"Tutorial Chapter III"

"Tutorial Chapter IV"

"Tutorial Chapter V"

"Tutorial Main Task"

"Tutorial Sub Task"

"Tutorial Map"

"Tutorials"

"Tweet For Freedom"

"Tweets for the Sweet"

"{knowledgeGainMultiplier} multiplied by the value of your highest superpower relations is generated as knowledge at the end of each month."

"Twitch"

"Twitter"

"Two options: we can manually enter every nerdy phrase in l33t... that should only take a few years. Or we can develop new cryptanalysis algorithms. That might even be faster!"

"Type"

"Decreases liberty around. Citizens living around the statue are less likely to become rebels. Effects from multiple statues do not accumulate."

"U-boats versus submarines – Canal Uno investigates the underwater menace. Later, Atlantis fish people – the real underwater menace."

"User Interface"

"User Interface Language"

"User Interface Scaling"

"UI Scaling Mode"

"USA"

"That's realpolitik – with a smile! Though my personal taste, Presidente, would be to fire someone anyway, even if you have to hire 'em to fire 'em. It sends a message, see. It's like texting for winners!"

"No nation on Earth can equal the mighty U.S. of A. – that's a fact! – and we're the oldest nation on the planet. That's an alternative fact! So we're changing the name of the union to the United States of Win. You wanna be a winner? Do something for us..."

"I'm awesome, and because you did me a favor, you must be at least slightly awesome yourself. I can use that! Let's hold a press conference to remind everyone of my brilliance – you can stand in the back if you like."

"See, it doesn't happen often, but I can be wrong. Maybe if you do me a favor I'll get those pesky 'facts' checked, and we'll clear your name, huh?"

"Hey, Presidente, buddy, I've been making up some news! You get pretty incriminated... unless maybe you know different."

"You know what made me a success? I did, of course! I'm a self-made man, just like my Pops."

"Hey there Presidente! I've got a proposition! Do me a favor and I'll lend you some real American power!"

"Presidente, America is bored with being a superpower, so we're gonna be a megapower, okay?"

"Thanks for doing that thing. Presidente. Plus, nobody got fired, and the sponsors are happy!"

"USA relations are now at 20!"

"You want to talk about America? Well, I've got red, white and blue blood, so you came to the right place. What do we want? Hey, dumbass, we already got it! We're the best! The best in the whole dang world! So now we'd like to keep it, if that's okay with you. Or even if it's not, if I'm gonna be honest..."

"Make this quick, I've got a talk show in an hour. Everyone's hungry for a slice of Raymond King, Presidente! Politics, media, real estate, I do 'em all. I've got money in trains, towers, guns, and long, thin cruise liners... I'm a renaissance man! Everyone wants to be my friend, Presidente, so it's no surprise to me that you do too! We'll see... we'll see. "

"Uh-oh, my commi-meter's ticking, Presidente. I gotta assume that anyone who doesn't help me is a filthy red, and you're letting the side down! It's time to pay your dues…"

"The Ultimate Grand Slam"

"Ultimatum"

"Ultimatums"

"Ultra"

"Ultra Lube 500"

"Ultra Modern Open Access"

"Unable to connect to online services."

"Unable to land plane anywhere near palace owing to start of monsoon season…"

"El Presidente cannot issue citizen actions – except for bribe. Increases the global liberty by {globalLibertyIncrease}."

"Unavailable"

"Unavailable in Colonial Era"

"Uncensored Portfolio"

"Uncommon"

"Unconnect SAGI"

"Disconnected Consumers"

"Uncover Roles"

"Uncover a Crime Lord"

"Citizens with the role Sports Talent or Team Member"

"Uncover citizens with the role Wyndham's Spy"

"Uncover the hidden role <q>Criminal<q>"

"Uncover the hidden role <q>Rebel<q>"

"Uncovered agents by securitycheckpoint"

"Uncovered crime lords have a dedicated interaction called <q>Shady Deal<q>. You can access it in the info panel of a selected crime lord."

"Uncovered Criminals"

"Uncovered Rebel Leaders"

"Uncovered Rebels"

"Undecided"

"Undecided voters most dissatisfied with {value} vote for El Presidente."

"Under Assault!"

"Under Black Sails"

"Under Blockade for {duration} days!"

"Under Construction"

"Under My Roof"

"Under the Raider"

"Undercover Agents"

"Uneducated"

"Uneducated inmates have a chance of {chance} to get a high school education when they do their time. The upkeep is increased by {upkeepmodpercent}."

"Unemployed"

"Unemployed Citizens"

"Unemployment Rate"

"Unemployed by Education"

"Current Unemployment Rate"

"Uneven terrain."

"Unforgiving Overseer"

"Unfortunately for you, Tropico happens to be on the shipping route from South America that delivers oil to my chums, the Allies. And look! They've accidentally blockaded you while they protect that oil from Axis U-boats. How unlucky. Help the Allied war effort and maybe we can talk about your trade needs, eh? Old chum?"

"Unfortunately, it divided into chunks as it came in, and the de-virtualiser isn't set up to stitch them back together as anything but tetrominoes. We're going to have to rebuild it one line at a time. There's a bonus for completing four lines at once, though, so this could set a new high score!"

"Unhealthy Competition"

"Unified Weaving Feeder"

"Unique"

"Unknown"

"Unknown Map"

"Unlimited"

"Unlock Request Slot"

"Unlock Slot"

"Unlock all researches"

"Unlocked blueprint for {building}"

"Unlocked in {era}"

"The fire station can send a fire helicopter to difficult to access fires."

"Unlocks in {eraName}"

"Unlocks the blueprint of the {buildingname} that would otherwise cost {blueprintcost}."

"Unlocks the {researchname} that would otherwise cost {knowledgecost} Knowledge to research."

"Unofficial Scavenging"

"Unofficial Scavenging Site"

"Resume the game time."

"Until then, you had better learn how to keep them all happy."


"Upgrade all buildings"

"Upgrade all Country Houses with the upgrade <q>Electrification<q> into Houses."

"Upgrade all Plantations into Hydroponic Plantations."

"Upgrade all Mansions with the upgrade <q>Electrification<q> into Modern Mansions."

"Upgrade all Guard Towers into Watchtowers."

"Upgrade all Mines into Automated Mines."

"Upgrade all Ranches of this type into corresponding Factory Ranches."

"Upgrade all Apartments with the upgrade <q>Electrification<q> into Modern Apartments."

"Upgrade not activated: {upgrade}"

"Upgrade the Cyber Operation Center with <q>Pull the Plug<q>"

"Upgrade this building into a Factory Ranch"

"Upgrade this building into a Modern Apartment."

"Upgrade {upgrade}"

"Upgrades"

"If you have coin to spare, you can purchase building upgrades that permanently improve certain aspects of a building."

"Upkeep"

"Increases the upkeep of Teamster Ports, Tourist Ports, and Docks by {upkeepmodpercent}. Boats, freighters, tourist ships, and cargo ships are {speedmodpercent} faster."

"Decreases the upkeep by {upkeepmodpercent}. Service quality is decreased by {servqualmod}. Relaxation tourists prefer this building."

"Increases the upkeep by {upkeepmodpercent}. The building increases the beauty in the vicinity by {generatordelta}."

"Upkeep is increased by {upkeepmod}. Job quality is increased by {jobmod}."

"Housing quality is increased by {resqualmod}. Upkeep is increased by {upkeepmodpercent}. Relaxation tourists prefer the building."

"Increases the upkeep by {upkeepmodpercent}. Increases the service quality by {servqualmod}. Increases the fee by {feemodpercent}."

"Upload To Workshop"

"Upon reflection, that might have something to do with this unpleasant outcome… but of course, I know you did nothing wrong because you are my Presidente and could never make a mistake. I have summoned the driver to take you to the secret escape plane. May I sit on the inside this time?"


"Uranium Enrichment"

"Uranium delivered"

"Urban Development"

"Use Bridges to connect the main island with the ancient ruins island."

"Use Garbage Dump or Waste Treatment Facility to cleanse buildings."

"Username"

"Using a state-of-the-art technique, we can De-Vinify the Great Sphinx and restore it to its exact dimensions and constitution. But we must decant it properly first, or it will smell of grapes."


"Residential Buildings with Vacant Homes"

"Vacant Homes by Wealth"

"Vacation Over"

"Vacation time"

"Value of {variableName}"

"Variable"

"Entertainment Variation"

"Vehicle Factory"

"Sell dreams of soaring down open roads in high-performance cars made at a Vehicle Factory before customers realize it's a box for sitting in traffic and listening to the radio."

"Venezuela"

"Vertical Panning"

"Very Dry"

"Very High"

"Very Low"

"Very Wet"

"Very good, Comrade Presidente. You will find that, if you please the Party, your new status will please you."

"Very good, my Governor! This plan of yours may be the sneakiest coconut-related gold smuggling plan I have ever witnessed!"

"Very soon."

"Veterinary Vaccination"

"Victorian Style"

"Flawless victory!"

"Victory is mine!"

"Victory"

"Victory by Treasury"

"Victory conditions scale with the amount of team members!"


"Victory is yours, Presidente! I knew that you would succeed, and not just because I personally filled in all the ballots, then counted them myself."

"View Ranch Efficiency"

"View Tasks"

"Views"

"Villainous Tirade"

"Vintage Gilded Faucets"

"Violence is Golden"

"Visit Building"

"Visit Gold Mine"

"Visit Grocery"

"Visit a workplace building to inspire the local workforce!"

"Increases the service quality by {servqualmodpercent}. Visitors stay longer."

"Visit the Gold Mine with El Presidente"

"That was awfully familiar… didn't we already do that?"

"It was better the first time…"

"Boring… I nearly fell asleep standing up."

"Worst. Attraction. Ever."

"You wouldn't think it possible, but that both sucked and blowed."

"Why are you making me do this? Don't you love me?"

"Bah, whatever."

"I guess that was supposed to be fun, but I don't really see the attraction."

"Well, at least whatever I do next is going to seem better by comparison."

"Is it over yet?"

"Awesome!"

"That was better than I thought it would be!"

"Well that was not bad as tourist attractions go."

"Hooray! Let's do it again!"

"Not bad for a bunkhouse…"

"Real travelers sleep uncomfortably every night."

"This is a bit spacious for my tastes."

"Can I push all the buttons in the lift?"

"I'm going to find the ice machine and make a toboggan run!"

"Are there any original features in this hotel?"

"I do hope the bed linen is authentic Tropican."

"This is clearly a new build…"

"Finally, a soft bed to collapse into."

"Five words: 'pass out in hot tub'."

"The hotel is the best part of any vacation."

"Gotta recharge my batteries."

"Must… pass… out."

"Partied out – gimme a minute alone in my hotel room."

"Increases the fee by {feemod}.<cf>"

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by backpacker tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors. Reduces pollution in its vicinity."

"Increases job quality by {jobmod}. Increases the fee by {feemod}. Decreases the visiting time."

"Visitor slots are increased by {vismod} per employed worker. Decreases service quality by {servqualmod}."

"Every worker provides {vismod} additional visitor slots. Service quality is reduced by {servqualmod}."

"Visitor slots are decreased by {vismod} per employed worker. The fee is increased by {feemod}."

"The building cannot be visited by common people anymore. Increases the standing of invited Superpowers by {standingmod} on base efficiency. This bonus is capped at {standingcap}."

"Visitors"

"Visitors (Last Month)"

"Visitors (Lifetime)"

"Visitors must be rich. Increases the fee by {feemod} and upkeep by {upkeepmod}."

"Increases service quality by {servqualmod}. Decreases the fee by {feemod}."

"Visitors to religious buildings pay a fee of {fee}. Decreases the efficiency of religious buildings by {effmod}. Decreases religious standing by {factionmod 0}. Increases capitalist standing by {factionmod 1}."

"Vlad Orlov"

"Voice Volume"

"Volcanic Eruptions"

"The volcanic eruptions have ended, Presidente!<cf><cf>Buildings caught fire: {buildingsDestroyed}<cf>People killed: {agentsKilled}"

"Free Wheels"

"Volume"

"Volume:"

"Vote for El Presidente and review here."

"Voters"

"Voting Rights"

"Increases the approval of immigrants living or working near the statue. Effects from multiple statues do not accumulate."

"Build Power Plants to supply advanced buildings with electricity."

"Build a Ministry and designate ministers for global benefits."

"Create and amend the constitution to customize your regime."

"Build bridges and tunnels to utilize public transportation."

"Fight Fire, Crime, and Disease with new public services."

"Raise an army to defend Tropico against rebel uprisings and superpower attacks."

"Cater the needs of the people to avoid protests."


"Juggle relations with four political factions that shape public opinion."

"Side with one of two opposing superpowers."

"Send commandos on raids to suppress guerillas and keep superpowers from attacking."

"WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW..."

"Wage"

"Wages"

"Increases the wages by {wagemodpercent}.<cf>Increases the fee by {feemodpercent}.<cf>Increases the bonus from fishermen's wharves running on <q>supply local market<q> by {fishprodmultiplier}.<cf>Visiting time is decreased.<cf>Cultural tourists prefer this building."

"Wait {days} days "

"Wait for Penultimo to come up with an idea."

"Wait for Progression Task"

"Wait for SAGI to process the info"

"Wait for Tourists"

"Wait for Tourists to Arrive"

"Wait for the Progression Task to activate."

"Wait for the cattle ranches to be fully staffed."

"Wait for the next freighter to export goods."

"Waiting for"

"Waiting for other Players..."

"Waiting for the game data to load to complete to perform a benchmark..."

"Waiting for {raidBuilding}..."

"Wake from your slumber somewhat irritated"

"Palace Outwall Style"

"Want an authentic Tropican vacation? Stay in a police cell! #noroomservice"

"War"

"Wargames, Presidente – it is like reality only it is just a game! How mind blowing is that."

"Warm"

"Was it you who bet I wouldn't moon the Japanese Emperor? No... you're after those lunar deeds, aren't you?"

"Waste Treatment Facility"

"Don't let anything go to waste – even your citizens'… well, waste can be turned into something useful. Our duty is clear!"

"Reduces pollution of other buildings within range."

"The building requires additional {powerconsumptionmod}MW electrical power. The efficiency is increased by {effmodpercent}. Decreases the amount mined from the deposit by {conprodratiomod} per produced unit."

"Waste Not Protocol"

"Wasteland? No, Shackland!"

"Watch Yourselves"

"Watch Yourselves!"

"Decreases the chance of citizens living in the vicinity ({buildingRange}-tile radius) becoming criminal. "

"Watchtower"

"Guards are becoming increasingly frustrated as their Towers are constantly climbed by protagonists, to unlock the next map section. So they sometimes hide their piles of straw."


"We all know that El Presidente hates bullies! So when superpowers try to bully Tropico? Presidente says: 'No more trade for you!'"

"We all know that oil and water do not mix, Presidente! But mixing oil and tourists was untested until necessity and genius collided... at the Cayo de Gasolina Submarina!"

"We also have a bad case of dengue fever, yellow fever, jungle fever, Saturday Night Fever, and some 'Delhi belly' to boot. As such, I do not recommend you put on your boots until you have thoroughly cleaned them."

"We Are Amused"

"We are a target, Presidente! To the left, flower-lovers stalk us. Rich men charge from the right! If the world weren't three dimensional, we'd be surrounded!"

"We are about to lose the Palace!"

"We are prepared for anything, of course – your loyal Penultimo is meticulous in his planning! What I prepared for this scenario is a fast escape boat. Alas, the Axis have anticipated this and already sunk it. Time for Plan B, which unfortunately means trusting the army to defend us…"

"We are prepared for invasion, my Governor. And here they come! I hope they are slow, so we can snipe them from afar."

"We are reasonably sure that all of the masonry got out in one piece, but we had some difficulty with the bells. Fortunately, with some cunning disguises we managed to make them look like oversized novelty Ushanka hats. On an unrelated note, many of our agents now need corrective chiropractic work on their spines."

"We are receiving news that surprisingly organized vandals have damaged civic buildings in Tropico – do not be alarmed, this is categorically not a rebel attack."

"We are to destroy the banks next. Ah, in my younger days I jumped at the... would have jumped at the chance to blow up the capitalist strongholds. But it seems that the Party has already removed the money – the people's money!"

"We at Canal Uno know that the Tropicans were desperate for the construction of an eighteenth century-style neoclassical monument – well, the wait is finally over!"

"We can buy them off but they are insisting on payment of a most unusual kind, namely a truckload of live lobsters. Something to do with the restaurant trade in Manhattan... We can buy them from Maine, or send them from Tropico… what are your orders?"

"We can win this battle."

"We can't give you your nuclear missiles back, however. I'm sure you understand. Not every nation can have nuclear capabilities! Where would the world be if we were all equal, hmm?"

"We can't bank on saving the planet if people don't have any interest in being green!"

"We come now to the troubling part of your job… not everyone knows you are doing such great work! How crazy is that?"

"We communists love people, Presidente. While others seek to enrich their pockets, we enrich minds with the fertilizer of education!"

"We could give them a few days off to rest, but they'll probably just stay up all night playing games. Let's give them mind altering stimulants so that they think they're owning noobs... but are in actuality enjoying a relaxing semicoma!"

"We could go now. It is quite sunny, and the birds are singing. It is a good day to visit the bank and take just enough money for it to be worthwhile, but not quite enough to be noticed by the criminal mastermind with the trigger-happy henchmen..."

"We could wait for the perfect moment to strike, or we could go in guns blazing... if we had guns!"

"We defeated the smog, Presidente! I will commission a statue of the enemy to commemorate this historic victory!"

"We did it – we torrented the White House using an eight-dimensional Improbability Engine!"

"We did it, Presidente! Every comrade has enough to fulfil their needs, and we all work together, for the betterment of all."

"We've done it – the rocks rolled off the deck and onto the dock!"

"We dredged the harbor and pulled up the wreck, but all the cargo was gone. You must have it, Governor! Hand over the Alabaster Beluga and I might let you live. Alternatively, I will take great pleasure in prying it from your cold, dead hands..."

"We failed, Presidente. SAGI's learning is only as good as her teachers... and those are just people. We need to update the human race (and then reboot)!"

"We follow the call of the sea and while we are on it, we grab all goods that lost their owner."

"We get sugar from sugar cane, then sugar becomes rum. Rum turns into money, and money makes us all happy! Presidente, that's what scientists call the rum cycle. From sugar cane to happiness in four easy steps!"

"We got the trade route and is that a... tip? Wow! So that's what that feels like."

"We had a devil of a job fitting it all in… Fortunately, we could peel off the dome like an orange peel and it all stacked neatly beneath the narthex. Hey, I even learned some architecture! I'm not just a pretty moustache, you know…"

"We had some difficulty dismantling the giant copper buttocks, as the agents were all too shy to touch the good Lady's derriere, but your Penultimo would never shirk from any challenge, no matter how intimidating."

"We have a grocery, Presidente – let's buy chocolate! Wear this realistic false nose, or you will be recognized from the picture on the money."

"We have a problem, however – too many pirates. These waters have been thoroughly freebooted, and there are no ships left to steal from. <cf><cf>I suggest that we build ships, sell them to our allies, then plunder them ruthlessly! It is a perpetual ocean machine!"

"We have a saying: it is only the worm who suffers when it is crushed by a dragon."

"We have a thirty-second window when everyone reboots their Wi-Fi hub, before they notice that the internet is completely gone. Luckily, we have exceptionally fast broadband, since we pay for the premium package. Okay, let's do this!"

"We have been hit by the Mummy’s Curse! And I'm not even speaking in code."

"We have built a glorious fort to defend us from threats without. As such, we need only concern ourselves from threats within!"

"We have failed, Presidente. The people do not want you. I will fetch the Patent Medicine, for now we must drink to forget."

"We have forever put Tropico onto the map as that tin-pot Caribbean island chain that somehow managed to acquire its own nuclear capability. They said it couldn't be done – and even those that didn't say that said it shouldn't be done. But we did it anyway!"

"We have it, Presidente! The Tusk of the Alabaster Narwhal! I have glued it all back together. Look, he's my little sea-unicorn! I call him 'Presidente Jr.'"

"We have learned much from interrogating Wyndham's spies. Some of it sounds made up, but something has to be true, even if it is just by coincidence!"

"We have many new comrades now, from which to create a society that is a living, working machine for the betterment of all! That is, if that is the Party's vision. And yours, Presidente, of course!"

"We have rules, Presidente, and it seems that Wonkmeister plays fast and loose with such things! If I can see evidence of quality in your production methods, it will be my pleasure to award you the trade route."

"We have sold so many ships... and then pirated them... that the people of this island no longer need to eat sand. They worship you, Langostino!"

"We have some prehistoric insect fossils, Presidente, so let's find out what DNA we've got! I got 'crocodile' in the sweepstake... that would be a downer."

"We have the chocolate, Presidente! Now to open the first bar and find that Golden Coupon! No. Maybe the second? No. But... it must be here!"

"We have to be careful! Communism is everywhere! They've taken over Hollywood, they're running the banks... heck, there's even some red in the red, white and blue! Even the flag turned against us! It's worse than I thought!"

"We have to update the operating system, Presidente dude. We turned off the automatic update a year ago, then forgot. It may take some time…"

"We have word from the Palace officially denying that there are any plans to genetically engineer more compliant citizens – how reassuring!"

"We heard about this 'SAGI' computer, Presidente. Social media algorithms? Deep learning? Bah! Does it have Pong?"

"We help shipwrecked people and no, we do not know what happened to their ship..."

"We hit the mother lode – double XP and a pretzel for everyone!"

"We know that speakeasies are irresistible to these people – perhaps you should build one? Also, my cousin, Picayunimo, who works as a greedy middleman, has some interesting information. How interesting? Picayunimo held his hands this far apart when I asked!"

"We made a billion friends today, as China and Tropico face the future side by side!"

"The unimportant-yet-heavy boxes have been moved as requested, and Penultimo has completed all the necessary export papers, and ensured they have been burned and the ashes buried in a dead man’s chest with a bottle of rum. Yo ho ho, and so forth!"

"We must be careful with the Russians, my people. They cheat, lie and steal, it is true! But they have many negative traits as well. We simply cannot trust them!"

"We must be vigilant, Presidente – Wyndham's spies are everywhere! Though that man in your wardrobe is a legitimate lint consultant."

"We must defend ourselves, Governor! If the people are to support you, they must be sure of their own safety. Build the people a mighty fort, Governor, and – in time – perhaps history will report that you fought mightily for the people! Because history has terrible grammar."

"We must do this again soon…"

"We must hope that he is in the right mood to be blackmailed. He is easily rich enough to buy Tropico if he wants to. Do not fear, Presidente! He is much more likely to hire an assassin. It is the budget option."

"We must invite and beat all existing foreign baseball teams – the Americans! Then our sporting credibility will be obvious to all. But for such an event, security is paramount – more important even than economics! Though less important than sport."

"We must keep our wits about us, Presidente, even as our people lose theirs. It is necessary that you are voted Presidente For Life, for the people cannot revolt over a decision they themselves have made! Plus, it is what's best for them."

"We must quickly curry more favor with the voting people! Let us make some more impossible promises. Once the referendum is complete, we can feign bemused astonishment at the things that were said!"

"We need a diversion to complete the de-riveting operation, and it has to be big… something that the French cannot possibly resist, since the French resistance is notoriously strong. Intel suggests it has to be either an extremely large and stinky cheese, or a large quantity of equally stinky cigars. Standing by…"

"We need another social media spike, Presidente. SAGI works best with lots of input. So if you'd kindly break the internet again... it was pretty amazing last time!"

"We need more people to buy more chocolate bars! If one of your loyal citizens wins, I'm sure it will be their pleasure to donate the Golden Coupon to their beloved Presidente. We shall incentivize them to do so in a firm yet friendly manner."

"You're doing good work with the criminal underclass! Sterling work. Now we need to keep the Big Enchilada bottled up on your islands until we find out who the blighter is. If you'd step up your border security, we'd be jolly grateful. Keep the rats on the ship, eh?"

"We not only completed the objective, we also 'appropriated' sufficient material to fill the stores and pay off the mortgage on the artillery. There's even enough left over that we can buy new toilet roll for the latrines. Squad awaits further orders, sir!"

"We now have a pirate cove. No, not a pirate coven! Sea crime and witchcraft should never be combined."

"We ordered Patagonian Humping Squirrels to kickstart a population explosion, Presidente. But did we go too far?"

"We plan to miniaturize the Colosseum using state-of-the-art shrinkology, then smuggle it out through the Catacombs. But the Catacombs don't go under the Colosseum. There are tunnels underneath it… But they go nowhere. We must dig tunnels under the tunnels if the plan is to work! We can either build custom mole machines, or buy them off-the-top-secret-shelf."

"We pulled down a copy of the internet, no probs, and we used the strongest cryptography for added security – now, does anyone remember the password?"

"We refocused the focus groups, Presidente. We need to – and I quote – <q>move out of Squaresville and get hip to be IT, daddio.<q>"

"We seem to have the upper hand!"

"We should begin immediately, for there is much to do. We will need hotels, and attractions, and a substantial reduction of that unpleasant smell that drifts from the peasant's quarter in the early afternoon. From now on, everybody here will speak the language of a smile and a generous tip!"

"We should gamble together some more, Presidente!"

"We should honor them! We should build a number of unnecessarily large statues of you, great Presidente, to commemorate their sacrifice. It is what they would have wanted."

"We shoulda made that deal, Presidente! Now Hexxon's over on Santa Tonto, throwing oil money around like confetti while I'm the bridesmaid that missed the bouquet. Someone's gonna pay..."

"We still do not have the treasure of the Izca! I am moderately upset... But my will is forged of cold iron! I do not lose control! I do... not... lose... control!"

"We still have to count the loot, argue about the shares, fight about what everything is worth, drink our body weight in rum, bet our shares in ill-conceived dares, then brawl until everyone's unconscious. Shouldn't take more than an hour."

"We stole some money from the Crown but we need to hide it so we won't be found out. Can you hide the money for us?<cf>I'll take it back in two months."

"We succesfully found some guerrillas and <q>emigrated<q> them from Tropico. But there are still between {GuerillaEstimationMin} and {GuerillaEstimationMax} guerillas left."

"We successfully scanned the Winter Palace, although the high-intensity lasers vaporized the building in the process. My bad."

"We understand the gifts of the Earth, Presidente. Nature has the deepest pockets, after all. Resources and there to be claimed – and not just oil, coal, metals and radioactive materials. The most precious resource, Presidente? People."

"We were lucky to escape with our lives, Presidente – our lives, and the backpack full of gold you quite rightly made me swim with."

"We were never friends, so you cannot lose me as a friend, but you can gain me as an enemy – and the Wyndhams make powerful enemies, Governor, mark my words! You will rue the day you bungled this bay caper and returned empty-handed!"

"We were ready to haul the rocks, but suddenly there were druids everywhere!"

"We will lose this battle!"

"We will strike in the factories! We will strike on the streets! We will strike on the plantations! You may think 'three strikes and you're out', but the comrades will keep striking until you come around to our way of thinking, or we forget why we are doing it. Now excuse me, I have placards to make."

"We will win this battle!"

"We'll instill in them the three great Tropican virtues – altruism, humility, and macramé. We tie ourselves into knots helping others... but we don't like to talk about it. These are the perfect traits to condition a secret stolen baseball team into believing...!"

"We'll need hotels for the tourists, Presidente. Nice hotels, but not too nice – we don't want anyone to stay too long."

"We'll try turning it off and on again three more times. Then we'll take out the screws and stare blankly at the circuit boards. When that doesn't work we'll try taking the cartridge out and blow on the contacts. Not long to wait now!"

"We're a good team! And I smell opportunity. We can strike some incredible deals, catering for their whims and whimsies. I know, you have your eyes on their moon deeds, but when you come across a money tree, you pick yourself some fruit – it doesn't matter if you're hungry!"

"We're being thrashed, Presidente. I'm baffled! Is our ace pitcher being distracted by that stupid spider mascot, wiggling around behind the plate? Or is it that he's pitching underarm? Either way, Tropico's epic baseball history won't be celebrated today..."

"We're on our last legs, Presidente! Conventional warfare has reached its limits! I haven't slept for hours!"

"We're raking it in, Presidente. I should've got into crime years ago, it sure does seem to pay!"

"We've been doing this sort of thing for years. There's nothing like a trip abroad and some locals to scare half to death. We want arrests, Presidente! Criminals for preference, but use your initiative."

"We've just received word that we're stepping down from DEFCON Honeysuckle. It's now DEFCON Lavender. In retrospect, I probably shouldn't have assigned those color names while my wife was redecorating the bedrooms..."

"We've set up a lovely trade route for you, so that should help a little. Now, I've heard rumors of pirates in these waters, so keep an eye out. Bad for business, pirates!"

"The Electorate shall consist of all those Citizens who have demonstrably proven their merit by virtue of their substantial contributions to both the Provision of Employment and Tax Revenue of the nation of Tropico, and thus earned the Right to Vote by Ballot to determine the position of President."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by cultural tourists. Visitors must be well-off or better."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by thrill-seeking tourists. Visitors must be well-off or better."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by culture tourists. Visitors must be well-off or better."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Increases the food happiness of visiting citizens. Preferred by cultural tourists. Visitors must be rich or better."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by thrill-seeking tourists. Visitors must be well-off or better. Decreases crime safety in the area."

"Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. Preferred by thrill-seeking and child tourists. Visitors must be at least poor."

"Weapons"

"Weapons Factory"

"Everyone works extra hard in a Tropican Weapons Factory, to avoid being demoted to Quality Assurance."

"Weapons of Crass Destruction"

"Weasel"

"Weirdwood Tree"

"A New Golden Age"

"Welcome and thank you for participating in the <lt>b<gt>Tropico 6 Beta<lt>/<gt>, aspiring dictators!<cf>We have been working passionately on this game over the past two years and are finally able to share it with you, the fans of Tropico, before its official release.<cf><cf>We have created a special forum on Steam that only beta participants have access to. You can share your feedback with us there - big and small; good and bad. You can reach it by pressing “<lt>b<gt>F2<lt>/<gt>” while in the game.<cf>Should you encounter something that you think is worth reporting, please use the reporting tool by pressing “<lt>b<gt>F1<lt>/<gt>”. You only have to enter a short summary and provide more detailed steps, so that we are able to then reproduce and fix the issue. In the very rare instance that the game should crash, please select the “Send Report” option from the crash report window.<cf><cf>Entering an email address at the report is optional. We use your e-mail address only for possible queries regarding a reported issue. Your e-mail address will be deleted after the beta is expired. You have the possibility to revoke your consent at any time by writing to us at <lt>b<gt>support@kalypsomedia.com<lt>/<gt>.<cf><cf>We want as much of your input and feedback going into the game as possible, and with your support, we are certain that we can make Tropico 6 the best game in the series yet.<cf><cf>Viva Tropico! Viva El Presidente!<cf>Kalypso Media & Limbic Entertainment"

"Welcome back to Canal Uno, Tropico's finest Palace-funded broadcaster."

"Welcome to Nuevo Viejo, Presidente! A great place to bring your kids up! Then, they try to change things and mess it all up, of course…"

"Tutorial – Chapter I"

"Welcome to the Commonwealth!"

"Welcome to the Family"

"Well-off or rich tourists will arrive and depart from here via ship. Decreases crime safety in the area."

"Welding Plant"

"Well-Off"

"Well done"

"Well done, Comrade – I would shake your hand, but if you saw my fingers outside of my mittens I would have to kill you."

"Well done, Presidente, Soviet Russia is now your unshakeable ally. Regrettably, we are now closing Soviet Russia. New 'Glasnost' Russia opens on Tuesday."

"Well let's just suppose that I was in a position to provide certain benefits to you that don't need to be specified out loud or on paper. And let's just suppose that you chose to fire a certain minister from their job, for whatever reason you like. Two totally unconnected events, of course…"

"Well played, Governor. Oh, I'm so sorry, force of habit. I mean Presidente, of course."

"Your tiny groceries stores can’t handle the volume you need to shift the odds in your favor, so how about a trade deal with my legitimate business connections in Eastern Europe instead? That’d reel in so many bars you’d be bound to find a golden ticket! The chocolate's hot, but I'm guessing you're cool with that?"

"Well, I reckon that island over yonder is coming along nicely, but my friends have a few trivial demands… I mean, requests, they'd like us to satisfy."

"Well, I suppose you did rather well for a bunch of savages."

"Well, I'll help if I can! Hey, if you want to raise up your theme park score, I'm gonna advise that you build some traditional attractions, you know? What about the world's most dangerous coastersaurus, huh? You've got to be this high to ride!"

"Well, I'm guessing. I didn't see anything myself. But I have multiple reports, coinciding with acts of sabotage... of a gun-toting penguin! Even clever penguins can't fire guns – remember Operation Flipper? – so it must be the nun!"

"Well, Presidente. It appears that you have won. A gentleman's stiff upper lip does not quiver! A gentleman accepts defeat... so I am no gentleman!"

"Well, of course not. You'd mention it if you had. In fact, you'd be particularly excited to bring it to my attention, imagining how happy such news would make me. Or how angry I'd be if you didn't."

"Well, okay, there's lots of other things that are unacceptable to the super-rich, too. Like poor people in sight, or not getting exactly what they want, or being mistaken for a normal person. But we can't make so much money out of those."

"Well, thank you for the garbage dump, Presidente. I guess it's somewhere to go for a dose of reality..."

"Well, that was a complete dumpster fire. Presidente, your garbage dumps keep burning down!"

"Well, we don't need to visit Wonkmeister's stupid factory anyway, do we, Presidente? We can build our own chocical paradise right here, to visit whenever we want! So let's get into confectionary and run that selfish Wonkmeister out of business!"

"Well, we have thoroughly destabilized what remains of the Allies and the Axis. A new era dawns! But I fear the sky is not Tropican blue..."

"Well, you did it. You sabotaged the Axis! I must confess, I hadn’t banked on this – I rather thought the Axis would have crushed you!"

"Well, you did it… so I guess that makes us both winners, although I'm obviously the bigger winner than you, since you only won this bet."

"Well-Measured"

"Wellness Floor"

"Were you followed, Comrade? No? I don't care if you did only just come from the bathroom, you cannot be too careful. That is why I always wear mittens."

"Were you followed? No? But I put a tail on you myself. See, it is from a donkey. Do not question my methods."

"Were you looking for somewhere to pray for good harvests? Try the new Temple of Heaven. 100% Catholic or your money back."


"This job mightn't seem related to communism, but trust me, Presidente – everything relates to communism! Heck, most of my relatives are communists! But don't worry, I locked 'em up good."

"I've a problem, Presidente. Yeah, with those sneaky reds, how did you guess?"

"Western-Style Agency"

"America got it right, you see. Straight off the bat, no fooling around! Honesty's the key! Everyone dealing straight up, saying what they think, no pretenders. Until those darn commies came along. Now nobody can trust anybody. But we'll root 'em out and get back to straight talking! Yessir!"

"I'm gonna level with you, Presidente – I don't trust you. Even Colonel Buck Scott, Uncle Sam's number one commie-buster, needs more than a handshake before he knows how red a person is. How red are you, Presidente? Fuchsia? A little bit mauve? Are you maroon, Presidente?"

"Increases the wage by {wagemod}. Efficiency is increased by {effmodpercent}."

"Wet"

"Wet 'n' Furry"

"We'll not nuke you, of course – you're too close to our borders for that option. But I've thousands of dossiers describing my non-nuclear options… so make the right choice."

"We're climbing up the TAO index with each new attraction! We just beat the Somali Pirate Simulator, and we're closing in on the Guatemalan Razor Museum! Keep it up!"

"We're not allowed to call this 'independence', though. The foreign office is going to announce a new member of the Crown's glorious commonwealth. Our friends in the Republic of Tropico will join our ever-growing family of, ahem, historically-connected trading partners. Then I'm on to my next post as special envoy to the Archduke of Austro-Hungary. Sounds safe enough!"

"We're surging up the TAO index now – Tropicoland is even more popular than the Polynesian Volcano Experience, and is gaining on Toe Stub World in Minnesota! We have about the same safety record, too!"

"What God Wants, God Gets"

"What a day, Presidente! I barely outran a giant stone ball, daringly hopped across molten lava, and evaded the Axis in a thrilling tank chase! Phew!"

"What a great day, Presidente, a great day for making deals. And have I got a deal for you!"

"What a great time to be alive – from future shock to road rage, technology has made everything better!"

"What a lovely theatre! My playwright has nearly finished the story of your life... We just need a really dramatic ending."

"What a rather successful business venture this has been – I am still counting the profits, and I haven't even evaluated the jewelry and paintings I've acquired, oh my."

"What a shame you were not able to build the Celestial Palace of your dreams… the total lack of air made it a difficult construction project. Not to mention that you didn't have any money left to buy rockets. But, Presidente, I'll always remember the day you hung the moon!"

"What a voyage! I didn't think we'd ever eat all those sausages!"

"What a weasel, always trying to ingratiate himself with you – what a phony! Unlike the Broker, Penultimo is always sincere."

"What about the TAO score, you ask? Pah, these small-minded bores are incapable of acknowledging our live-changing entertainment concept. And not to forget the scientific achievements in rodent resaurination! We spared no expenses and gave people something different, something they can only find in Tropico!"

"What an amazing meteor shower! Such a shame that our neighbors were blown up by it…"

"What an idea! Pushing forward the technology of deep learning artificial consciousness by introducing it to deep space! Oh, those slowpokes at MIT will be so jealous! But I'll miss SAGI... or... can I go with her? No? Oh, boo."

"What are THEY going to do? Throw their computers?"

"What can I say, Presidente? Your PR department must be working overtime. Maybe I'll headhunt them!"

"What can you look forward to in the years to come? Better housing! Slantier roofs, straighter walls, more transparent windows – the Tropican house of tomorrow is built with standards."

"What do you know about growing things? Presidente, true wealth is in the soil! Our roots are invested in dirt, not a bank account. Help me to grow Tropico's future – naturally!"

"This crimewave doesn't hurt my pocketbook either. You know what criminals love? Swag, sure. Yeah, and molls. But also guns, Presidente! Which are readily available in times of war... if you know someone who knows someone. Well, I am someone, so I just need a little help with the transportation..."

"What has four feet in the morning, but only three in the evening? It's been a bad day for workmen rebuilding the Sphinx!"

"What have I created? Presidente, mankind was never meant to see a giant mutant llama destroy a population of flesh eating squirrels...!"

"What ho, Governor. And what a pleasure it is to have you as governor… I'm sure you'll last a long time in this job. Maybe weeks!"

"Gameplay Information"

"What is it about?"

"What makes the Cold War so cold? The lack of love for El Presidente. Remember, loving El Presidente is your patriotic duty as a Tropican!"

"What use is power if you don't exercise it? It'd wither away like a muscle you weren't using. Disastrous!"

"What's new?"

"What's a Little War Between Friends?"

"What's come over you? Have you been drinking Sunny's tea? Or maybe you've been reading that commie trash again? Snap out of it and get with the program!"

"What's important is the moral of the proverb, and whatever that might be, I don't like the idea of the Hun getting his grubby mitts on my statue. So why don't we consider a little truce in our disagreement while your Commandos bring the Axis to their proverbial knees?"

"What's that, Presidente? You'd like to forget that unpleasant incident with the nuclear missiles? Wouldn't we all!"

"When I took this job, Presidente, you didn't say anything about actual fighting! I hardly think that's a job for a General!"

"When I watch them train, I get a sort of tingle. Like, perhaps this is something righter than what is going on. It is almost as if the world should be obsessed with spying and secrets – not the confusing mutuality that the party represents..."

"When buildings are attacked and while they are burning they lose structure points. While small damage will be repaired automatically, heavily damaged buildings are broken, which means they stop working and need to be repaired. You need to repair them to avoid them deteriorating even more. When the structure points are reduced to zero, the building is destroyed completely."

"When he awakens, would you give him this gift from the people? It is just a coconut... a heavy one... and also a symbol of our struggle. Build defenses, my Governor, like the hard shell of this coconut! We must prepare for independence!"

"When people get hurt in a theme park, it's the dude with the deepest pockets who always gets the blame."

"The standing penalty for rejecting demands is decreased by {demandMalusDecrease}. Participants in protests that have been ended by force are less likely to turn rebel."

"When the wind blows, Presidente, some build walls, while others build windmills. And some build chocolate factories!"

"When will people learn? The old ways are always the best! Of course, we've a lot of experience in making up reasons why they're the best..."

"When you sign a non-aggression pact, you and the other player are not able to attack each other and cannot target raids at each other until the pact is revoked."

"Where to place"

"Shacks are built by citizens that could not find a vacant residential building, couldn't afford one, or did not find a residential building in that area at all. Emits little pollution. Decreases crime safety in the area."

"Which means I suppose I should treat you to a little bribe, for nostalgia's sake! Because the hard work begins now, Presidente. The comrades are looking to me more than ever!"

"Which reminds me, safety is paramount, Presidente! I'm not just talking about having rails on balconies, I'm talking militants! Tell you what though, I can stand out front from time to time – I can suspect an insurgent at fifty feet. They all look the same to me..."

"Other sources of income come from service buildings and residential buildings. Their profit margin is not as big as from exports, but their revenues are regularly credited to your treasury each month as rent or directly in the case of visitor fees from service buildings.<cf><cf>Construct your first Tavern now to provide your citizens with fun and get a little extra income. After confirming the location, construction office workers are sent to the construction site to erect the building."

"While the fat cats are at play, we should give them the right mice to chase, yes? Catnip and balls of string… well, my metaphor strains under its own weight but entertainment is surely the cat’s pajamas!"

"While their feelings towards benefits for foreigners are clear, it is out of character for them to let little things get in the way of their ambitions for control! Have we made more enemies? Let us hope that you do not need to punish them too seriously."

"While you are suffering from a blockade, all your freighters are delayed by several months."

"While you plot against Prince Thari, Presidente, I have been scheming against the EU. Wyndham still has their support... so we must knobble them!"

"Ironically, the White House was built primarily by black slaves, who got the last laugh when a non-white President finally got to live there."

"Edict activation and running costs are halved. Increases all tourist ratings. Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"Who are you? And how can you be prettier than my Presidente? Haha, Penultimo is only kidding! But your disguise is superb!"

"Who is winning the Cold War? A special report from Canal Uno reveals the answer… El Presidente! We never doubted it."

"Who would imagine that such a story would be only a minor chapter in somebody's life? But you, most celebrated Presidente... your life has seen adventure enough for a hundred normal people! A thousand!"

"Whoa, those movers work fast! I can't believe the whole Palace has been rebuilt and redecorated already. Astounding."

"Whu? Bluh! Ack! The cruel, salty sea, she burns the lungs of young Penultimo! The sensation is quite unpleasant."

"Why are you wasting your time here? All I see is coconuts! And I hate coconuts! Vile, furry, sloshing things!"

"Why don't you make a friend out of Mother Earth and help us give her a big hug? I know, I know – you're not much into hugging. If it helps, think of it more like bribery, but with good vibes instead of cash."

"Why now? Because of the TAO index, Presidente! The Themed Amusement Organization's success index shows falling attendances in parks across the world. People must want something different... which is exactly what we can supply! If we raise our score, we can become the new number one in foam-headed family entertainment!"

"Why should proud Tropicans live in shacks when there are far more comfortable dwellings sitting empty? If our citizens truly are equal, they should be allowed to live rent-free in any building they choose! And the really equal ones should get the mansions! Think of how happy the people would be! And think how unhappy your accountant would be! It's a win-win!"

"Why thank you, Presidente! This cash-stuffed envelope is one of the weightiest I've ever received!"

"Why work towards battle when you should be battling for the workers? Presidente, please help the comrades! The sweat of their collective brow drips for Tropico!"

"Why would anyone get in the way of the flourishing of our marvelous industrial paradise? We built this together, Presidente… Please don't be led astray from the path of the profits."

"Why, with my aid I see you becoming everything you deserve and more! How much more, I cannot say, but see the wink in my eye? It is proof you have big ideas I will help you come to pass!"

"How long do I have to wait before I can start dating again?"

"Will robots replace your job? An official Palace statement says 'It depends on how hard you are working, citizen.'"

"Will this happen often? I fear that my hyperbole will be unable to keep pace with your ever-increasing excellence, forcing me to simply faint!"

"Win Condition"

"Win Conditions"

"Win Wizard Wonkmeister´s Golden Coupon and turn Tropico into a sugary paradise!"

"Win a sandbox game without ever constructing a Fire Station."

"Win game"
"Efficiency scales the amount of generated power. Terrain height increases the efficiency."

"Whether you want to spend more money than you need to making electricity, or you just want to impress the hippies, the Wind Turbine is the perfect choice."

"Conclusive research has demonstrated that travelers enjoy their underground travel far more when the passageway has been constructed with a Tunnel exit, and ideally two."


"The monumental scale of this palace was intended to reflect the might of Imperial Russia, and revels in an enduring disrespect for its cleaning staff."

"Uprisings will target the Winter Palace instead of El Presidente's Palace. Increases all tourist ratings. Provides fun to visiting citizens and tourists. There is no wealth requirement for visitors."

"Winter Soldiers"

"With Penultimo's pirate stories being so popular, I doubt there's a man, woman or dog in Tropico who wouldn't like to wake up on a boat! What a thrilling surprise!"

"With Subtitles"

"With a Large Garden, there is plenty of space for horticulture, a little space for agriculture, and at night maybe even people from the counterculture to be culture vultures."

"With all these bus routes, Tropicoland is super-green, Presidente! And I'm sure you won't regret saving all those cuddly squirrels!"

"With all these immensely rich folks coming to our neck of the woods, we ought to help put some goods on their necks – or their wives' necks, at the very least…"

"With so many invasions, it would be wise to keep the people off the streets until the shooting has stopped. Assuming that the shooting will stop. Will the shooting stop, Presidente? Please?"

"With the Cold War over, the future is bright. Possibly bright orange? We ask an expert!"

"With the right application of hacking and fake news, we can utterly divide the United Kingdom on the issue of staying in the EU, or leaving. We can promise them all sorts of wonderful, ridiculous things if they break their ties with Brussels – it shall be the perfect cybercrime, Presidente!"

"With the trade route signed you want to make sure your tannery has enough hides to keep it from running dry. So let's build an additional cattle ranch.<cf><cf>The efficiency of some production buildings depends on certain properties of their location. To help you identify a suitable location, a colored overlay will indicate the worst locations in red and the best in green. Identify the most suitable location for the new cattle ranch by comparing the resulting efficiency modifier, which is previewed in the construction panel."

"With these new allies, we will be able to operate without Lord Wyndham knowing everything we do. And what are we to do? Oh. I hadn't thought that far ahead. I'll get right onto it!"

"With your permission I will create a newspaper, to spread the good news to all of our new comrades! The 'Red Star' can prepare the way for the Commissar, who is the most equal member of the Party, and who will surely arrive soon, to judge Tropico's Communist credentials..."

"With your permission, I wish to encourage in every way the people of Tropico to embrace glorious Communism. See, I have a manifesto! I have been writing this since I was a little comrade, sharing Papa's knee with my twenty-two brothers and sisters...!"

"Without a doubt, Tropico must grow! We owe so much of our prosperity to the Industrialists! They create jobs and commerce... and take only a little in return."

"Witness a rebel attack."

"Alright, stick it to the man!"

"Are we even allowed to protest? Disgraceful."

"A good speech with some good points..."

"I don't trust someone who dresses like that."

"Hologram"

"Wizards and Magic"

"Woah there, Presidente! Firing people is good fun, but perhaps you should pace yourself? If you fire everyone on the first day, it could be seen as bad taste."

"Woah, we want to get the money from the tourists, but we don't want to fleece them. Actually, what is Penultimo saying? Fleece away, my Presidente!"

"Won't get any Moon Deeds!"

"Wonderful, Presidente, you always make the right choice! I would have done the same."

"Wonkmeister is the greatest chocolatier of all time! Who could pass up a chance to see behind the licorice gates of that magical place? We just need somewhere to buy chocolate bars, then we can begin our search for the winning Golden Coupon!"

"Wonkmeister refuses to make chocolate as the Russian people prefer it. If you wish to do so, you will require infrastructure of a pharmaceutical nature. Da, I mean drugs. In the chocolate. It makes the bars taste good! And the people more pliable..."

"Wonkmeister... Wonkmeister... ah, yes. Logistical problems, Presidente! Look! Wonkmeister has filled this form in with a blue pen! The horror!"

"Woo! This crime's a thirsty business, am I right? I'm here to make you an offer you can't... ah... you will prefer not to refuse!"

"Wool"

"We've got to make money, by hook or by crook…"

"Word is spreading of your ability to follow through, and this time it has nothing to do with your high fiber diet. Me being me, I've managed to bring more deals to the table – so, who tickles your fancy this time, Presidente?"

"Work Vehicle"

"Work goes on! Conserve water for Industrial buildings"

"Job Quality Modifiers"

"Gamble other people's money on the stock exchange and make a fortune – what a life!"

"Steinbeck made this sound much more fun than it is…"

"This isn't how it was in the book!"

"Ah, the life of a torcedor… I'm on a roll!"

"God knows I love this job!"

"How would you put a lime in the coconut, exactly…?"

"I hope these skills transfer to something else when I muster out…"

"Better make sure I have just the right amount of ass-crack on display…"

"I wonder what's in all those crates we move…?"

"I just have no patience for patients."

"I have the power!"

"The show must go on…"

"Why do those foreigners come and stare at us every day?"

"I'm just a cog in a machine that makes cogs to put into machines…"

"Late! I must have overslept, it's nearly 4 am!"

"What's that phrase… is it 'sweatshop'?"

"Please don't make me look at fish all day again…"

"It's a good thing I've lost my sense of smell, really."

"They say it's a rubbish job, but business is picking up!"

"The software license expired but I still use it – that's what real hackers do!"

"All that glitters…"

"There's a story out there with my name on it – hopefully not my obituary!"

"Time to practice my 'objection' interjections… 'Objection!' 'Objection!!'"

"I'm a lumber cutter and I'm fine with it."

"This job's all mine."

"You know, I get paid an awful lot just to sit in meetings and achieve nothing."

"If I don't crunch those numbers… nothing much will happen."

"So my job is to make drugs, but I'm not a drug dealer…?"

"This would be an easy job if it wasn't for the criminals…"

"You don't have to be crazy to work here, but…"

"I'd quit my job but I don't have the bottle."

"Why do they still trust me? We've blown up a dozen laboratories already!"

"I seem to spend a lot of time polishing my boots…"

"[You do not have clearance to read this citizen's thoughts]"

"Job satisfaction is a question of degrees."

"The job would be great without the students…"

"Hope I'm surly enough to do my job today…"

"Just keep thinking of the tips…"

"I just keep reminding myself 'guns don't kill people'…"

"Workaholic"

"Worker at {BuildingName}"

"Workers"

"Present Workers"

"Workers of {Building} fired"

"Workers require High School education. Decreases plank consumption by {consmodpercent}."

"All employees can use cars, regardless of their economic wealth. The upkeep is increased by {upkeepmod} for each employed worker. Increases the job quality by {jobmod}."

"Workforce"

"Workforce Occupancy"

"The color of a building reflects the workforce occupancy"

"Work mode"

"Workmode modifier"

"Work mode {WorkmodeName} will be added to all existing and future {BuildingName} buildings"

"Work modes"

"Work modes can be changed back and forth, but upgrades are permanent."


"Wyndham is certainly done for now – he has lost all his power and influence, and we still have the Alabaster Narwhal. Now might be an excellent time to rub his face in it one more time… shall we send him a sea-critter selfie?"

"Wyndham is officially backed by the European Union, and reinforced financially by your good friend Prince Thari. I will work on a plan to ground the Europeans. Meanwhile, you must encourage the Prince to cut off Wyndham's allowance. We shall send him to bed without any supper!"

"Wyndham is overconfident, Presidente. He expects direct action, but we shall remove his support, and give him a political hernia."

"Wyndham summons a Thunderstorm"

"Spreading fake news to the United Kingdom so Wyndham will lose the EU's support."

"Wyndham's Spy"

"Wyndham's spies talked about using high frequency sounds to affect the weather… perhaps it was not just a cheap reference to a popular conspiracy theory after all! Well, at least being assaulted by mercenaries while the thunder roars is very atmospheric. Ha ha, you see what I did there?"

"Wynton Marlborough"

"Y'know, Presidente, I used to think that politics was about money. Heck, I thought everything was about money...<cf><cf>And, y'know, money's the best thing in life! But I'm wiser now, and I know that politics isn't about money or even power. Politics is about people, Pres. Like that time we started those wars? Money doesn't start wars, Pres, it just fuels 'em. People start wars... <cf>"

"Yacht Club"

"You haven't truly made it in high society until you've sunk your first 30-footer. If you survive your wreck, what a story you'll have to tell at the Yacht Club!"

"Provides fun to wealthy visiting citizens and tourists. Visitors must be rich or better."

"Yarr!"

"Years to Referendum"

"Yellow Brickroad"

"Yellow Cake with Frosting"

"Yes"

"Yes We Can"

"Yes! Starchy treats! That's what you get, Presidente, when you do a good turn for Mother Earth! The bounty of the soil is... what? All over your carpet...? It's just a floor! I'm talking about nature here!"

"Yes! That sounds good! And while it is only fair that the Crown receives all of our exports, as we are their colony, perhaps it would make a change if we weren't governed with an iron fist? I can't help but notice that the will of the people is leaning in, shall we say, a more independent direction…"

"Yes! We Can! – accept refugees"

"Yes, subtly pre-adjust the ballots"

"Yes, the greatest nation is the one that has the most postcards on the refrigerator of the world. Tourists! Inspired thinking, Presidente!"

"Yes. I know. So profound. Oh! I'm tearing up. That's from a scathingly incisive thinkpiece I wrote for the Seal Club newsletter, in two hundred stanzas of epic poetry. I call it <q>Awww, just look at those big, round, soulful eyes!<q>"

"Yesterday Gold"

"Yet even a politician-savant must stay in practice! Please, demonstrate a few of the leadership techniques with which you intend to impose your flawless will upon the nation of Tropico. Penultimo is prepared to gasp in awe!"

"Yet it is very popular in the U.S.A., where citizens use it as an excuse to eat mustardy sausages and drink fermented grain. And it may have been the national sport of Tropico – or it may not. Come with me on a journey into sports... more important even than economics!"

"You already have an alliance."

"All produced goods are exported automatically, but there are some basic ways for you to manage your economy to save costs, improve the workflow and increase your profits. And this is what this lesson is all about.<cf><cf>Since you are currently producing leather anyway, you can commit to a leather trade route to get a better price for a certain export volume. You cannot fail a trade route and you have unlimited time to complete it."

"You already did a heist with this building!"

"You also need make sure that the buildings are staffed to provide enough visitor slots."

"You and I are not so different, Presidente. Power is in our blood! Perhaps we insulate the uranium better next time, eh? Ha ha."

"Welcome to Tropico!<cf><cf>You are El Presidente, the dictator of Tropico – a small but thriving nation located somewhere in the Caribbean Sea.<cf><cf>You will build, expand, trade, and issue laws to guide Tropico through four turbulent historical eras in which you have to face global Superpowers while trying to juggle interior political factions.<cf><cf>How will you be remembered – as a benevolent leader who caters for the people, or as a dictator ruling with an iron fist? Whatever you choose, the main thing is that you stay in charge."

"You are an excellent host, Presidente! It pleases me that our friendship grows – this must continue. You desire some lunar real estate? A great many astronomically expensive deeds gather moondust in my palace, so let us wager. A simple profit race to start... My Swiss Bank Account against yours!"

"You are here about the mercenaries I bought for Wyndham, yes? I know, I should have asked you first, but it seemed like fun and I had a spare million burning a hole in my pocket."

"You are in charge here? I was expecting someone taller. And stronger. But you will suffice for our purposes, I suppose."

"You are looking cheerful today, Presidente - quite unlike someone who had disappointed the most feared officer in the Axis."

"You are not allied."

"You bought us some time, Presidente – I'm not sure how much, or what it cost, and for God's sake DON'T TELL ME!"

"You can also stop pollution building up by focusing on renewable power sources, and by applying the appropriate work modes and edicts to your industrial buildings."

"You can also decrease the budget of a high quality building to make it affordable for less wealthy citizens."

"You can arrest any citizen at will with the info panel shown when you select them. If you want to support the police, you can consult the list of known criminals on the People tab of the almanac."

"You can build up to four Pirate Coves."

"You can click on newsfeed entries to jump to the point of interest"

"You can consult the Military Strength Overlay to identify weak points of your defenses. Any attacking forces will tend to strike where the defense is the weakest."

"You can increase any individual average happiness in order to boost the average overall happiness. The happiness with the lowest average value is usually the one you can increase the easiest."

"You can increase your standing with a certain faction by bribing their leader."

"You can inspect all settings on the overview before confirming the new constitution. "

"You can invite this superpower to a vacant embassy."

"You can just overbuild shacks with other buildings - no citizens will be harmed."

"You can set raids to repeat to have them re-added to the end of the queue upon being started."

"My Presidente, you are so much braver than other world leaders! Your experiment upon the Isla de las Casas Modestas has created a rugged paradise for all the comrades. Shacks as far as the eye can see, and no houses at all! We have never felt so Communisty! Thank you, Presidente!<cf><cf>Marco Moreno"

"You can only trade with players who are in the same era as you."

"You can use media buildings to shift the faction orientation of your Tropicans."

"You can't afford this right now"

"You cannot construct residential buildings in this mission."

"You cannot invite foreign workers due to overpopulation."

"You cannot issue edicts as they are managed by SAGI."

"You cannot make a promise since the people still remember that you broke the last one"

"You cannot play this game due to age restrictions."

"You can't expect business to run smoothly with so much oversight – we have to be free to buy and sell and hide stock in an unregulated holding company while we wait for the inspectors to leave, eh, Pres?"

"You can't seriously think that building factories is a better bet than playing the market? IPOs, EPS, YOLOs… Come on, Pres – back a winner, you know I'm right."

"You can't shoot the enemy with knowledge, Presidente – I've tried and the results are disappointing. What we really need is more soldiery stuff – FOR SOLDIERS!"

"You can't wanna duke it out with us? We're the good guys! That's why we have the most nukes!"

"You chose to hire more soldiers? Why, I'd punch you on the nose, Presidente, but apparently peaceful protests are all the rage these days."

"You completed my Narwhal? Oh, now the gloves are off! We Wyndhams fear nothing! Except for lichen. And krakens. And coconuts."

"You could begin improving the minds of the comrades by founding your own newspaper! I wish to celebrate our heroes' triumphs, while shielding the proletariat from the evils of capitalist influence. And you wish to gain the trust of the comrades before the end of the Mayan calendar. Let us help one another!"

"You dare disappoint China? Are you mad? Presidente, I can use my influence to minimize your forfeiture, but you must learn to obey!"

"You did it, Presidente! Only loyal Penultimo had faith in your dream – and you showed everyone else that you were not a lunatic after all!"

"You did it, Presidente! You have become supreme ruler of the Caribbean!"

"You did it, Presidente, you did it! You cracked the tough nut to have Tropicoland take first place on the POT Index! Penultimo's Objective Theme Park rating."

"You did pretty good. Is that the sort of thing that people with feelings would say? I don't know, never felt a thing in my entire life. Truth is that you lost, pal – simple as that. Boo hoo."

"You didn't do that thing, did you Presidente? When I say jump, I expect to see the soles of your feet! You just became an enemy of the USA, buddy!"

"You do not have a free trade licence. Purchase an additional trade licence, or free up a licence by completing or cancelling another trade route first."

"You do not have to accept and fulfill every faction demands. They might not always be in your favor."

"You don't have enough raid points!"

"You don't have enough workers!"

"You don't need to make everyone happy to be a successful ruler."

"You earn {profit} for each citizen employed in the vicinity of the radio station every time they work. Decreases the liberty by {libertymod}."

"You ever taste American candy? Best chocolate in the world, pal. None of that milky goodness crap, it's just sugar mixed with sugar, topped with sugar. You've got no chance! Anyhow, what would help me out is more guns... then we'll see."

"You receive a loan of {fee}. You need to repay {repay} via monthly payments of {repaymonthly} over {loanduration} years. The edict has a cooldown of {cooldown} years."

"You get {playerIncomePerMonth} per month."

"Or if not a bet, how about a challenge? One you shall never accomplish, ha ha! If you succeed, I can give you the deed for Schrödinger’s Crater. It is a prime site, although we are not entirely sure whether it is still there or not."

"You have almost completed the first lesson. If at any point you need to stop playing or want to quit the tutorial you can open the game menu. There you can save/load your progress, change the game settings, or quit to go back to the main menu."

"We have discovered gold! The Crown will want it, but you could smug... ah, export this gold to fund our struggle for independence! I know some experts in secret trading who are trustwor... ah, nearby. Think on it, Governor, as the people whisper revolution... Not too loud, but not too soft!"

"You have done it, Presidente – victory is ours… I mean victory is yours!"

"You have just bribed all participants of a protest. While this can get quite expensive, it is a quick way to end protests without repercussions."

"You have just ended a protest by sending in the military. This is a quick and inexpensive way to disband a protest while giving each participant a solid reason to join the rebellion afterwards."

"You have mastered the art of not standing out in a crowd, and have made being average into a fine art. If there is a more seemingly-ordinary person in the world, nobody has noticed them."

"You have negotiated with protesters in the past and just managed to keep the resulting promise. While this requires some effort on your end, it is a quick and inexpensive way to disband one protest."

"You have returned to the title screen because your signed in status has changed."

"You hired scientists to design your theme park? Good to see you trying something new – it's usually left to the marketing team to screw up the project."

"You just discovered a hidden role of a citizen who in truth is conspiring against you as a rebel leader. You can easily locate them by consulting the almanac on the people tab under <q>Special Citizens<q>. Select them to access the <q>Make an example<q> action."

"You just met Penultimo, your personal assistant and most loyal consultant.<cf><cf>He has presented a main task, which you need to complete in order to finish the first tutorial lesson. Main tasks are automatically accepted and displayed with a golden icon in the task tracker on the left side of the screen.<cf><cf>The task tracker lists all tasks you receive and displays a short summary, as well as your progress on the objective.<cf><cf>The objective of each tutorial lesson is to complete a certain number of tasks."

"You know I never gossip. Unless the news is spicy, and this is red hot! The Axis Embassy was burned down, Presidente – by the nun!!"

"You know how to get people to like you, Presedente? Money! Heck, that’s the answer to all the questions in this world."

"You know that nothing I offer you is going to get us into any trouble, there won't ever be any unpleasant repercussions. Trust… it's what a good broker has to offer his clients, and you're my best client, Presidente!"

"You know what I do when I'm in doubt? I build a hotel! Five-star hotels, they're good for what ails you. Don't worry about the money, if you drop the ball someone'll bail you out. Not me, though! That statement was not contractually binding, okay?"

"You know what our amusement park needs? Some amusements. And I have the perfect flume ride design! So safe you couldn't even use them in 8 out of 10 countries!"

"You know what would make it even safer? Guard towers on Kraken Island. Just to keep watch over the volcano, of course, in case it wanders off. I trust our Axis friends implicitly, and enjoy watching them take the gold, but we can't be too careful in such volatile situations... don't you agree?"

"You know what? I will! I'm gonna blockade you! That piggy bank of an economy of yours, you can flush that down the toilet! Nobody messes with me! NOBODY!"

"You know, I don't really understand what it's like to need money... but I have noticed that people in this strange state of affairs are very compliant. Of course, I knew I could rely on you, my friend!"

"You know, I thought I saw his sticky little fingerprints on this scam. So, what, you want me to expedite some sales from your own weapons factories? Without him knowing? Sure! Like I say, we go way back, and I know he respects dishonest competition!"

"You know, pal, you're my kind of world leader. I feel a bond, you know? A rapport. Great minds think alike, buddy!"

"You know, we are almost like brothers, Presidente… but have you ever seen brothers fight?"

"You looked great in your selfie, Presidente – and it's been liked a million times! Penultimo must've been up late again."

"You make the only choice available, Presidente – to support the glorious Axis! Do not change your mind! We hate mind-changers."

"You make us all proud with your commitment to Comrade Marx's vision of economic equality for all – but the echoes of our rumbling stomachs are a bother. Could we perhaps request a greater variety of food? The comrades will gladly build something for you in return for a really good fish burrito..."

"You may have no ear for a tune, but you have an ear for your people, Presidente, and that is of far more value!"

"You may have noticed new experimental surveillance drones outside your windows. Do not be alarmed! The drones attack when they sense fear..."

"I found an informant, Pres. It's just business, you know? I'm not ratting the Enchilada out... I'm ratting the new guy in!"

"You must sign in to play"

"You need at least two metro stations on a island for them to work."

"You need more educated citizens to staff buildings with higher education requirements. Build high schools and colleges to provide better education."

"You need to complete the mission goal in the year of the referendum."

"You need to complete {maps} {maps}|plural(one=map,other=maps) to unlock."

"You put the Earth first and now everyone is happy – or they would be if they knew how important the planet was."

"You realize that soldiers are people first? They're trained to act without thinking, following the orders of some invisible superior they've never ever seen! That's what people accuse me of doing! Well, we'll bamboozle you with a display of peace, and inconvenience you into surrender!"

"You rotter! You scoundrel! You cheated! And... I had my fingers crossed the whole time! Kings! I won really, everybody knows it, and... and... Now I must go to my grave having failed to achieve the only thing I ever cared about. You are an utter bastard, Presidente. Goodbye!"

"You sank her?! Of all the nincompoopish tomfoolery – now the Alabaster Beluga is lost forever!"

"You saw it in that tetromino stacking game from the Eighties, now see the real thing – as Saint Basil's Cathedral miraculously appears in Tropico!"

"You see, Presidente, the Soviet Union, despite sustaining horrific losses, is simply too big to lay down. And when we removed the other superpowers, we may have created an even darker future for Tropico. Is this our reddest hour?!"

"You see, the Chancellor wants the gold that is buried beneath Mount Kraken - but that is not all. Have you heard of the treasure of the Izca, Presidente? Or the curse of the Izca, who were doomed by the volcano? They must have worshipped it badly. We will do better, ja?"

"You see, the commandos got halfway up the volcano, then their shoes melted! I know! I am as surprised as you that our cheap Tropican shoes cannot handle molten magma. We clearly need to make some vulcanized rubber – and we need it fast!"

"You see, we also engineered the nut trees on Squirrel Mountain to deliver a hormonal supplement that will increase the animal's natural instincts. In case of an over-breeding accident, I suggest we develop a failsafe protocol... using this spare DNA I found in my laboratory!"

"You see... and I don't know if you're aware of this... but the Chinese people are numerous. Wonkmeister cannot produce enough to impact this market! His chocolate is too expensive to make. Presidente, how cheap is your chocolate?"

"You seem to be manipulating China's markets, Presidente. May I ask why? Or are you simply driven by greed, as young nations tend to be?"

"I should have my money any time.... Now! So, here's a photo of the Enchilda's car... his moll's address... his barber, and... oh, yeah, his name."

"You should have seen the excitement on their faces when they realized they were out at sea, miles from their homes or the nearest citrus fruit. I don't doubt that everyone will be a pirate in a few years' time!"

"You still in the market for moon deeds? One of my ultra-rich buddies has some that are up for grabs… if you haven't  lost your nerve!"

"Starting with the Cold War era, you can lure visitors from other countries to Tropico, making Tourism a legitimate alternative way of making money. Tourists will spend their whole vacation visiting entertainment buildings and resting at their accommodation."

"You think it's wise to relieve the fat cats of surplus cash? If there's one thing the wealthy don't like, it's paying taxes."

"You think the last financial crisis was an accident? Everything in the capitalist world happens by design. We call ourselves the Invisible Hand, and we're very well connected. We can raise material costs or lower export prices. Heck, we can halve the size of your morning coffee – we own the baristas!"

"You turning on the U.S.? You sure you want to go down that road?"

"You upheld your end of the deal, pal. Those people of yours are looking mighty free... and a touch confused, if I'm gonna be honest. I'd be impressed if I weren't so skeptical! Still, enjoy your bag of money. Don't spend it all at once!"

"You wanna do business, great, but do it out in the open. How do we know he's not hiring undocumented workers, Presidente? It's a problem! Now my request is so straight you could mistake it for a runway!"

"You wanna know about commitment? What about commitment to the truth? First it was 'global warming', now it's 'climate change' – next comes 'sky fatigue', I bet. Ignore her, Presidente, let's talk reality."

"You want a tough bet, Presidente? Have you got the cajones…? Or is it the calzones? Eh, I should've stayed in school."

"You want me – TV star, politician and trust fund beneficiary – to come to this sad little island? Presidente, where's the golden swimming pool?!"

"Governor... or should I say El Presidente? The people are slowly adapting to their newfound independence from the Crown. Although freedom is confusing, and some prefer to revolt some more, we mostly thank you!<cf><cf>Sofia Ortega<cf><cf>P.S. I hope that the grapes we sent reached brave Penultimo in the hospital!"

"You will never be able to withstand a full-on invasion by a Superpower."

"Win this game session by completing either of the objectives above."

"You win, Presidente, but next time let us raise the stakes!"

"Thanks to the pirates and my... your genius, Governor, we have established a rather furtive little trade route to export our gold... inside coconuts! You see, Lord Wyndham is a naturally suspicious man, but he hates coconuts. So that is where we must hide the gold! Then we can export these goldnuts to raise funds for your campaign of independence!"

"You wish to be popular. We shall teach the people how great you are! Start young, Presidente! For instance, teenaged comrades need a place to go to be sullen and misunderstood. Let us build a high school, where they may learn of the world and their responsibility to it. But – no grades! All are equal!"

"You wish to evict me from your island? Ja? Is that so? Then I will go. But I will return by force, I will locate the cursed treasure of the Izca, and I will turn its supernatural face-melting powers upon you, Presidente!"

"You failed the ultimatum and will have to suffer the consequences from the faction escalation now. Let's pretend you avoided the faction escalation and continue with the next task – or would you like to retry completing the ultimatum?"

"You would have made a great Sultan, Presidente – your crushing disregard of the freedom of your people is something my father would have admired!"

"You'll face the full military might of Europe... just as soon as we've ironed out a few nagging legal details. In the meantime, we're sending our weapons inspectors to decommission you. Even they can't fail to find weapons that we actually know are there!"

"You'll need to choose an industry to get started on, then ship some out to us. I admit you've not much to build on, but if you export enough we'll give you a hand. Which do you think might work best for you?"

"You're a friend of the Earth, Presidente! In return for your help... a potato, still covered in authentic dirt!"

"You're a genuine humanitarian, Pres – taking all those lost souls under your wing. For a little kickback, of course."

"You're doing splendidly, Governor. Oh, by the way, I don't suppose you've seen any valuable metal on your travels? Any... gold? No?"

"You're helping the Axis steal your own gold? Oh, I do so miss the days when God would simply rain fire and brimstone upon the wicked…"

"You're in luck! (Except there is no luck, just systemic collisions at a quantum level, which we interpret as 'events'). My team has just designed SAGI, the Super Automatic Governmental Intelligence. She aggregates social media and implements policy – with a zero percent error rate! I suggest we start to build her!"

"You're listening to Canal Uno, the voice of Tropico! Because El Presidente loves you all!"

"You're looking magnificent today, Presidente, have you done something with your hair?"

"You're not terribly popular with my friends, Presidente – they say the only thing green you're interested in is money."

"You've got a surplus of workers, Pres, but no work for them to do. We should be converting their time into something that we can sell..."

"You've let me down personally, and that's the last straw! We're initiating Operation: Camel's Back, so brace yourself, Presidente!"

"You, me and Mr. Zander - we’re gonna be schmoozing with people so wealthy they don't even know what money looks like."

"Your 'Number 18' appears to be effective, by the way. The people are all drunk! If you intend to profit from this 'friendship', perhaps you should pass your own Prohibition edict? So that there is some rum left to export?"

"Your American-style candy – red, white and chew! – is pretty good, pal! Needs more sugar, but I guess that's impossible since it's already 100% carbohydrate. Anyhow, bring it on, our dental plans are world-beating!"

"Your Presidente does not ignore your faith! You need places to pray, to confess your sins, and to nap before Holy Communion. God is everywhere – but it is unwise to worship outside in hurricane season!"

"Your Presidente hears the cries of the sick! You say there are not enough doctors to label all the illnesses. But soon, everyone will know the names of all their diseases!"

"Your Print Job Is Ready"

"Your Tropicans will always compare their happiness to that of their Caribbean neighbors."

"Presidente, you know how your loyal Penultimo worries! This Big Enchilada... he is trouble! We must find out who he is."

"Your beloved El Presidente<cf>And the Tropican Ministry of Development & Binary Magic"

"Your boundless powers of leadership and insight will doubtless ensure your future success, and clearly there is no challenge that exceeds your ambition or talents. But it may still be wise to think carefully about how you will complete the difficult project ahead.<cf><cf>Just in case, I shall make sure to oil the hinges on the secret escape passage...in case we have to leave in a hurry."

"Your buccaneers hanker to weigh anchor, oh most fearless of leaders – if only there was a breeze!"

"Your cheap, foul tasting chocolate delivers the one thing Wonkmeister cannot, Presidente – plenty! And we must remember that good medicine is often bitter. The trade route is yours – may we both profit from this venture."

"Your citizens have a low fun happiness. That usually means that there are not enough entertainment buildings like taverns and restaurants around. You need to take care to provide services with the wealth requirement the citizens in the vicinity can afford."

"Your citizens have low faith happiness. This probably means that there aren't enough religious buildings around, like chapels or churches."

"Your citizens have low food happiness. That usually means that they can't buy enough food. Build groceries if you can, and make sure there are enough different food production buildings making food for citizens."

"Your citizens have low health happiness. That usually means that there are not enough clinics or hospitals – but remember, these require educated workers to operate!"

"Your citizens have low housing happiness. As there are not many homeless people, this usually means that citizens are unhappy with the quality of their homes. You can improve this by either decorating, or by increasing the budget of the homes. But, take care not to change the resulting wealth requirement!"

"Your citizens have low job happiness. As there are not many unemployed people, that usually means that citizens are not happy with the quality of their work places. You can improve this by increasing the budget."

"Your country is small, but it has the potential for equality. A few changes will be required... and then a few more. Instructions will be issued by trusted comrades of the Party. I will only remind you that justice plus obedience equals the Party. The Party is correct!"

"Your distillery seems to be working. Quick tip, Governor – it's best not to sample your own tipple, if you get my meaning? Jolly good."

"Your efforts are appreciated, as is your willingness to overlook the low moral fiber of the problematic electronics... and their complete lack of warranties. Or instructions. Or any trace of legality. Regardless, you have my gratitude."

"Your genius is undeniable, Presidente, but would you consider an idea from your humble Penultimo?"

"Your judgment is always impeccable, Presidente, but might I make a tiny suggestion?"

"Your lack of respect for the military is unacceptable, Presidente! We're on the verge of a coup!"

"Your loyal citizens do whatever you tell them to do, Presidente!"

"Your new, authentic 'Midday Express' vacation packages are hot, Presidente! Tourists just love being on the wrong side of the law!"

"Your plan is working perfectly! The enemy is gorged with banana and unable to move! Now, to trap them, we need only cut off all transport routes to the island they are on! For though squirrels can swim, they must wait for one hour to swim after eating – or risk cramping!"

"Your power consumption is about to exceed the power provided! In case of a power shortage, you risk having down time."

"Your quest to become the man in the moon goes well, my friend! Do you want more deeds? To become lunar majority shareholder, we must bet harder, yes?"

"Your ratings are improving, Presidente! But for your popularity to soar, you should make some promises that are literally too good to be true."

"Your recent decisions have ruffled the feathers of a great many patriots! We're stronger if our people are employed, yet with your focus on importing goods, the only employment you're backing is foreign. My advice? Cease importing before people turn to more drastic measures..."

"Your settings have been adjusted automatically."

"Invite this person to the palace to receive a suitcase full of cash. Increases approval of bribed citizens and their family. Increases tourist rating of tourists and their family."

"Send order to deliver a black suitcase to {BribedAgent}. How will they know where it came from? Well, the money inside has your portrait of course!"

"Your tourist rating is low. Having a large variety of tourism and entertainment buildings for all kinds of tourists improves this rating, making more tourists visit Tropico."

"Yours Truly"

"Slightly increases the approval of drivers-by."

"Yourself excepted, Presidente! So I know you know the only thing to do. We've got to switch off the internet, and, while the computer's confused – blast the darn thing into space! Sometimes things are so obvious, they're hard to see, huh?"





